Strategic Partnership 
Agreement (SPA)
Prepared by:
Victor Silveira
Business Development Manager
Laava ID (Aust) Pty Ltd ('Laava')
Prepared for:
Michel Goldberg 
CFO
Lumx Studios Ltda. ('Company')
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022
REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 1 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Strategic Partnership Agreement
Duly made and executed (the “Agreement”) by and between Laava ID (Aust) Pty Ltd ('Laava'), 
including its subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company(s), with its principal place of business 
located at Suite 503, Level 5, 147 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia, Registered Business 
Identifiers ABN 77 645 820 855 / ACN 645 820 855 and Lumx Studios Ltda. ('Company') 
including its subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company(s), with its principal place of business 
located at Rua Voluntários da Pátria, nº 89, sala. 804, Ed. Empresarial Estação Botafogo, Rio de 
Janeiro Rio de Janeiro 22270-000, Brazil.
Purpose
This agreement is entered into by the Parties to enable commercial collaboration, as indicated by 
the collaboration activities below:
Applicable
The following collaboration activities are envisioned by this Agreement:
General in-market collaboration, cross-referral and revenue sharing.
Development of joint product and/or service offerings.
Distribution/resale of Laava's offerings by Company.
Distribution/resale of Company's offerings by Laava.
Provision of Commercial Advisory or Ambassador services to Laava.
Technical collaboration / exploration.
Other commercial collaboration purposes (as detailed within this Agreement).
Term
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed by both Parties, and continues for a period of 
twelve (12) months. The Agreement automatically extends and continues at its initial expiry date, unless 
explicitly advised in writing by either Party. The Termination provisions of this Agreement apply in 
respect of either the initial or extended Term. 
Standard Joint Collaboration Activities and Services
Page 2 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 2 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
The Parties agree to perform the following activities and services under this Agreement, as modified by 
the collaboration activities selected in 'Purpose' above:
1. The Parties will pursue opportunities to promote the products, services and offerings of each 
Party to appropriate customers, partners and other commercial contacts.
2. The Parties will investigate, and where agreed, develop and promote joint offerings to appropriate 
customers, partners and other commercial contacts.
3. The Parties will work together to ensure the successful deployment and ongoing operation of any 
joint offerings or sales, where applicable.
4. The Parties will investigate, and where agreed, develop and deploy such additional product 
features, software, integrations, extensions, utilities, data management, prototypes, designs, 
services, processes, procedures, documentation, marketing or promotional materials or such 
other materials as needed to enable the above activities.
5. The parties will further collaborate as indicated by the collaboration activities selected in 'Purpose' 
above, and as further detailed within this agreement.
Additional Activities, Services, Roles or Terms: Company
The following specific Activities, Services, Roles or Terms concern Company: 
• 
To be specified where applicable. Inactive where left blank.
Additional Activities, Services, Roles or Terms: Laava
The following specific Activities, Services, Roles or Terms concern Laava: 
• 
To be specified where applicable. Inactive where left blank.
Distribution, Sector and/or Territorial Provisions
The following distribution, sector and/or territorial provisions apply to this Agreement:
Page 3 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 3 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
The following distribution, sector and/or territorial provisions apply to this Agreement:
• 
Distributor / Value-Added Reseller and 'Preferred Partner' status:
• 
Company is appointed as a 'Laava Preferred Partner' and a Distributor / Value-Added 
Reseller (VAR) of Laava for the following:
• 
Sectors: 
• 
Territories: 
• 
Market, Sell & Serve Provisions:
• 
Where there is a fit with the Laava solution suite, Company will actively, prominently and 
preferentially market and sell Laava to its customers, partners and prospects within the 
subject sectors/territories.
• 
Company may further incorporate Laava as a core component of one or more of its 
packaged or bundled offerings, along with other complementary products or services it 
offers. 
• 
Company will provide priority and high quality pre-sales, implementation and post 
implementation support services to its customers and partners - and actively work to 
retain them - in connection with any Laava sales.
• 
Extensions to Revenue Sharing:
• 
Where Company sells Laava as a Distributor / Value-Added Reseller, the 'Revenue 
Share' provisions below will function as an on-going reseller margin or rebate in 
recognition of the above extra Company responsibilities and commitments. 
• 
The time limiting provisions of the 'Referral Revenue Sharing Arrangements' below are 
relaxed (i.e. there will be no 'sunset clause' to revenue share/reseller margins) for 
complying deals under this Distributor/Value-Added Reseller model - provided Company 
is complying with the provisions of this Agreement (including the 'Market, Sell & Serve 
Provisions' above).
• 
Other Sectors/Geographies - General Laava Referral Revenue Sharing provisions will apply:
• 
At the time of development of this agreement, other sectors and territories will function 
under the core Referral Revenue Sharing terms of this Agreement, without modification.
• 
Other sectors and territories may be added to the Distributor/Value-Added Reseller 
model, by mutual written agreement.
• 
Company may make referrals to Laava on a global, unrestricted basis - and will receive 
referral revenue shares for all qualifying deals, subject to the standard terms of this 
Agreement. 
all sectors 
global 
Further Commercial Collaboration Provisions
The following further commercial collaboration provisions apply to this Agreement:
• 
To be specified where applicable. Inactive where left blank.
Specific Exclusions or Qualifications
Page 4 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 4 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
The following specific exclusions and/or qualifications apply in respect of this Agreement:
• 
To be specified where applicable. Inactive where left blank.
Page 5 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 5 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Promotional and Revenue Sharing Arrangements
In cases where one Party refers qualified opportunities to the other, or actively helps to generate such 
opportunities for the other, the following terms and conditions will apply.
Revenue Sharing Arrangements: Laava
The following revenue sharing terms and conditions are offered by Laava to Company for successful 
commercial referrals, and may be extended by the 'Distribution, Sector and/or Territorial Provisions' (where 
applicable):
1. Company will have access to revenue sharing for successful commercial sales of the Laava 
Solution Suite following the provision of active, qualified referrals to Laava, as well as 
endorsement and support to Laava - subject to the terms of this Agreement.
2. The scope of revenue sharing covers:
◦ 
Laava Smart Fingerprint licensing
◦ 
Laava platform licensing and package fees
◦ 
Laava project and professional services fees
◦ 
Other Laava revenue items - only where explicitly agreed in writing
◦ 
Note: Third party charges (non-Laava items - e.g. printing or prepress services) will not 
accrue revenue sharing value and are explicitly excluded, unless agreed in writing.
3. Revenue sharing fees due to Company for the Laava Fingerprint component of any transaction or 
deal will be calculated as a percentage of the Laava Fingerprint sales revenue, according to the 
following volume tiers:
◦ 
Up to 10 million Fingerprints: 10%
◦ 
10,000,001 - 100 million Fingerprints: 15%
◦ 
> 100 million Fingerprints: 20%
◦ 
Note: The Laava Fingerprint revenue sharing tiers above work additively and are 
calculated accordingly. For example, the first 10 million Fingerprints will be calculated at 
10%, then the next 90 million at 15% and so forth.
4. Revenue sharing fees due to Company for Laava's non-Fingerprint fee elements of any deal (e.g. 
platform licensing fees, project fees etc.) will be calculated at a 10% flat rate.
5. Payments:
a. Revenue sharing fees due to Company will be calculated quarterly in arrears, and valid 
Company invoices will be paid 30 days following Laava's receipt of payment in full (banked 
funds) from the customer/partner for all qualifying revenues for the period. 
b. For clarity, missed/defaulted customer/partner payments to Laava are not eligible for 
revenue sharing, and will not be accrued. 
c. Further, in the event Laava is required to cancel a customer/partner order and/or provide a 
refund to the customer/partner, any revenue sharing fees paid to Company up to that point 
are subject to refund by Company to Laava or may be offset against further payments at 
Laava's sole discretion. In such cases, any on-going or future revenue sharing fees related 
to the subject transaction are also immediately void.
6. Scope and term of qualifying payments ('sunset clause'):
Page 6 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 6 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
a. Revenue sharing fees due to Company apply only to the initial sales transaction or deal, as 
defined in its sales order/contract. 
b. Revenue sharing fees due to Company for any single sale or transaction will apply up to a 
maximum of two (2) years from the transaction date - except where the 'Distribution, Sector 
and/or Territorial Provisions' (above) of this agreement apply - in which case the latter 
takes precedence for complying deals. 
c. The term of revenue sharing payments may be extended - at Laava's sole discretion, and 
without obligation - but only where there is evidence of active and substantitive effort by 
Company to actively renew, retain and support the customer/partner, beyond Laava's 
efforts.
7. Referral to Second Tier Partners and Second Tier Revenue Sharing:
a. This provision concerns cases where Company refers a Second Tier Partner to Laava - 
that is, a party who becomes a Laava partner or distributor in their own right, and in turn 
generates leads or sales for Laava, resulting in revenue share fees for the Second Tier 
Partner.
b. To qualify for access to Second Tier revenue share fees, Company must provide active, 
qualified referrals, endorsement and support to Laava, and comply with the other terms of 
this Agreement.
c. In qualifying cases, Company will receive 50% of the revenue sharing fees paid to the 
Second Tier partner for the subject transaction, for a period of up to 2 years from the date 
of the original referral. For clarity, such payments apply only to the initial sales transaction 
or deal, unless explicitly agreed in writing by Laava.   
8. Other terms:
a. All rates and details of Laava's revenue sharing model are subject to on-going review and 
change by Laava at any time.
b. All amounts are expressed in Australian Dollars - refer "Other Terms". 
c. All amounts are subject to Australian Goods and Services Tax (GST) where applicable.
Page 7 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 7 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Revenue Sharing Arrangements: Company
The following revenue sharing terms and conditions are offered by Company to Laava for successful 
commercial referrals:
- The company Lumx Studios will pay 10% commission for any sales of its products and services 
made directly by Laava. 
Page 8 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 8 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Other Commercial Collaboration Provisions
Exclusions to Revenue Sharing
The Parties will not be obligated to share revenue in cases where:
1. The subject customer, partner or other commercial party had been actively pursued or engaged 
by the referral receiver in the immediate 12 month period leading up to the referral. 'Actively' has 
the meaning of involving multiple purposeful and continuous discussions or written 
communications in a dialogue leading measurably towards the progression of a commercial 
sale/partnership.
2. The subject customer, partner or other commercial party responded independently to promotional 
or market engagement activity conducted by the referral receiver or their partners or customers - 
and not at the direct instigation of the referrer.
3. The Parties are working or have worked together to jointly develop an opportunity which benefits 
both Parties to their mutual satisfaction, enabling these provisions to be set aside for the subject 
opportunity. Such cases to set aside are to be explicitly mutual, and in writing.
4. These exclusion provisions may be set aside on a case-by-case basis by the Parties, subject to 
mutual agreement in writing.
Pre-Existing Commercial Relationships and Non-Solicitation
1. Pre-existing customers, partners or other commercial relationships of each Party remain the 
property of the originating Party throughout the term of this Agreement.
2. During the term of this Agreement, the Parties will seek the explicit written consent of the 
originating Party of the subject entity - prior to directly approaching it.
3. The Parties will not directly approach customers, partners or other commercial relationships of the 
other for a period of twelve (12) months following Termination of this Agreement, unless explicitly 
agreed otherwise in writing. 
Non-Circumvention
The Parties agree that, during the term of this agreement and thereafter, neither Party will - either 
directly or indirectly - entertain, engage, participate in or allow any activity designed to circumvent the 
terms of this agreement or the rights accruing to the Parties (during or after Termination of this 
agreement) by engaging in dealings or conduct the object of which would be to deprive either Party of 
their entitlements under this Agreement or the rights accruing to the Parties.
Brand Standards, Pricing and Commercial Assets
1. At all times the Parties will respect, follow and utilise the pricing models, brand standards, 
marketing collateral, terms of use and other assets and directions of the other Party – including 
Page 9 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 9 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
specific requirements around trademarks, copyrights and patents (where applicable) - without 
alteration unless agreed in writing and in advance.
2. Either Party has the right to review the other’s marketing and sales materials which pertain to it - 
prior to its publication or use, or at any time subsequently, and request necessary changes or 
updates. Such requested changes are to be promptly performed. 
3. In agreed circumstances where elements of the Laava Solution Suite are packaged and sold as a 
component within Company's own offerings, Company is free to price and sell such 
packages/bundles (inclusive of Laava) as suits its needs, provided it does not misrepresent 
Laava's stand-alone pricing, should it choose to disclose it.
4. Where Laava is sold as a singular/stand-alone offering - without packaging or bundling of 
Company's other products or services, Company must price Laava in compliance with Laava's 
published pricing model.
Page 10 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 10 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
General Terms and Conditions of this Agreement
Use of the Laava Solution Suite
1. Any and all use by the Company, its employees, contractors, customers, partners, affiliates or any 
third party - of the Laava technology platform, Laava Smart Fingerprints and/or any part of the 
Laava suite of offerings ('Laava Solution Suite') is subject to the Laava Commercial Terms and 
Conditions.
2. The aforementioned terms and conditions are accessible via the following link: 
https://hubs.ly/H0C4z4N0 
3. The obligations contained within the aforementioned Laava Commercial Terms and Conditions 
survive Termination, and are subject to on-going change without notice.
Intellectual Property
1. The following governing principles will apply to Intellectual Property under this Agreement:
2. Background Intellectual Property
a. Background (pre-existing) Intellectual Property - including any derivatives - will remain the 
property of the Party which owned or originated it.
b. Licensing arrangements relating to Background Intellectual Property will be explicitly 
agreed in writing.
c. Nothing in this arrangement changes the status of background Intellectual Property or 
confers an ability to deploy or seek commercial benefit from the background Intellectual 
Property.
3. Foreground Intellectual Property – individually created
a. Ownership of Foreground (newly created) Intellectual Property which is individually created 
will become the property of the organisation which created it, subject to provisions below 
relating to the technology platform or offering suite surrounding it.
4. Foreground Intellectual Property – jointly created
a. The ownership of Foreground Intellectual Property which is jointly created will be jointly 
agreed on a case-by-case basis and documented.
b. The Parties agree to provide the other with a perpetual license to any jointly owned 
Foreground Intellectual Property. 
c. The Parties will seek the explicit consent of the other prior to deploying or seeking 
commercial benefit from the jointly owned Foreground Intellectual Property prior to taking 
action.
d. Jointly owned Foreground Intellectual Property may not be sold or licensed to any third 
party without the explicit consent of the other Party. 
5. ‘Co-mingled’ Intellectual Property
a. ‘Co-mingled’ Intellectual Property situations may develop where the Parties combine their 
Background or Foreground Intellectual Property (whether individually and/or jointly 
created) for some purpose, typically when deploying both Parties' products and/or services 
together in market. 
Page 11 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 11 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
b. An example for illustration purposes could occur where Company includes the Laava 
Solution Suite as a component within its branded product labelling, packaging or markings.
c. In such cases of ‘Co-mingled’ Intellectual Property, the pre-existing Intellectual Property 
rights remain unaffected.
d. For clarity, such cases do not constitute the creation new Intellectual Property of any kind.
e. In all cases where ‘co-mingling’ of Intellectual Property is considered or proposed, both 
Parties must consent - in advancing, and in writing.
f. 
All ‘Co-mingled’ Intellectual Property will cease to be accessible for new business to either 
Party or its customers or partners after the Termination of this Agreement, except by prior 
written agreement.
6. For the avoidance of doubt unless otherwise explicitly agreed in writing, new features or 
capabilities developed on or for the direct benefit or use within of each Party's technology 
platforms or offering suites during the Term of this Agreement will accrue to the Party whose 
technology platform or offering suite it was developed to be used for or within.
7. Each Party will cooperate fully with and assist the other in its efforts to protect their Intellectual 
Property rights relevant to this Agreement, and will immediately advise the other Party if it has 
knowledge of any infringement or suspected infringement of any patents, trademarks, copyrights 
or other Intellectual Property rights owned or used by the subject Party.
8. Agreements relating to the status of Intellectual Property will survive expiry or termination of this 
Agreement.
Confidentiality
1. This Agreement is subject to the terms of the Mutual Non-Disclosure and Non-Circumvention 
Agreement executed between the Parties.
2. Nothing in this Agreement changes or alters the obligations of the executed Mutual Non-
Disclosure and Non-Circumvention Agreement.
3. In the event that a Mutual Non-Disclosure and Non-Circumvention Agreement has not already 
been executed between the Parties - and in only such cases - the following default confidentiality 
provisions will apply to the Parties under this Agreement:
a. The Parties to this Agreement agree that each shall treat as confidential all information 
provided by a Party to the other regarding such Party’s business, operations, products, 
services, offerings, technology, software, patents, trademarks, Intellectual Property, 
customers, partners, methods or any other element of the other Party's business. 
b. All confidential information provided by a Party to the other shall be used solely for the 
purposes of explicitly detailed within this Agreement and, except as may be required in 
carrying out the terms of this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party without 
the prior consent of such the Party who owns the confidential information. 
c. The above does not apply to any information that is publicly available when provided, or 
which thereafter becomes publicly available or which is required to be disclosed by any 
regulatory authority in the lawful and appropriate exercise of its jurisdiction over a Party, 
any licensed auditor of the Parties, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise by 
applicable law or regulation.
Page 12 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 12 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Liability and Indemnities
1. Under no circumstances whatsoever will either Party be liable to the other for any direct, indirect, 
special or consequential losses or damages, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable and whether 
based upon lost goodwill, lost profits, loss of use of money, work stoppage, impairment of other 
assets, or otherwise and whether arising out of breach of contract, strict liability in tort, 
negligence, misrepresentation or otherwise. 
2. In the event liability is determined by a court of law, it shall be limited to the value of fees paid.
3. The Parties indemnify each other from all claims, damages or losses of any kind.
Termination
This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following provisions: 
1. The Agreement may be mutually terminated at any time subject to explicit, mutual, written 
agreement between the Parties.
2. The Agreement may be terminated unilaterally subject to the terminating Party providing a 
minimum of thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party, free of any fines, claims, damages or 
losses of any kind.
3. The Agreement may be terminated immediately if the Parties have exhausted the Dispute 
Resolution provisions of this Agreement.
4. The Agreement may be terminated immediately by either Party where the other Party: 
a. Has engaged in negligent, dishonest or illegal conduct; and/or 
b. Is the subject of a change of control event.
Consequences of Termination:
1. The Parties will work together to ensure any active commercial contracts, sales, projects or 
services are carefully coordinated to avoid disruption or commercial damage to either Party or 
their customers, partners or other affected parties.
2. Any agreed outstanding costs will be settled in full between the Parties, via an agreed plan.
3. Any existing revenue sharing fee streams will continue to be paid subject to the terms of this 
Agreement - provided the Parties are in good standing with each other - up to a maximum of the 
earlier of two (2) years or the expiry of any active customer contracts.
4. The Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement executed between the parties will survive Termination or 
expiration of this Strategic Partnership Agreement, along with the Intellectual Property and any 
other provisions of this Strategic Partnership Agreement explicitly intended to survive. 
5. In terminating this Agreement, The Parties will take care and all reasonable steps to uphold the 
good name and reputation of the other, and will neither undertake nor permit activities or 
outcomes to the contrary.
Dispute Resolution
1. Should the Parties be unable to resolve specific disputed matters between them, including at 
least two documented occasions where the responding Party has been given fair opportunity by 
Page 13 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 13 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
the instigating Party to resolve the issue to their satisfaction, the Parties  can appoint an 
independent mediator to attempt to help achieve a fair and mutually agreed resolution. 
2. The appointment of the mediator will be mutually agreed, inclusive of the location / time zone of 
the mediation processes. 
3. The mediation process will include a defined 'Cure Period' and criteria for satisfactory resolution; 
with the Cure Period not to exceed three (3) months.
4. Should the Parties not consider the matter to be resolved at the conclusion of the Cure Period, 
either parties may instigate Termination of this Agreement.
5. Mediation will not affect the rights of the Parties at law, should it fail to resolve the disputed 
matters.
Other Terms
1. Except where explicitly agreed in advance and in writing, activities, services and roles performed 
under this agreement by one Party to the other will not be subject to cost, royalties, commissions 
or any other form of remuneration. This excludes third party costs, which should be specified in 
advance wherever possible.
2. Except where explicitly agreed in advance and in writing, the Parties are not entitled to 
reimbursement of expenses incurred without prior written agreement, and nor is there any 
standing entitlement or expectation of expense reimbursement.
3. Nothing in this Agreement will oblige either Party to into further agreements, actions or 
commitments with the other Party, beyond the scope of this Agreement.
4. At no point during this Agreement shall either Party trade, delegate, or assign any portion of this 
Agreement to any third party entities without written agreement in advance.
5. No employer/employee relationship is created or implied through this Agreement, nor are any 
rights or relationships related to partnership, ownership or any further rights beyond the explicit 
scope of this Agreement.
6. This Agreement along with any attached exhibits shall for all considerations be the entire 
agreement.
7. If any term or condition within this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the Parties 
will have  the right to replace such terms or conditions with similar enforceable provisions as 
deemed necessary. Should such substitution of any term or condition in this Agreement occur, all 
other terms and conditions will remain in full effect and not subject to alteration.
8. Upon entering into this Agreement any and all previous agreements between the Parties in either 
written or oral form shall be considered void. 
9. All amounts are expressed and calculated in Australian Dollars ($AU) unless otherwise specified.
10. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law in force in the 
State of New South Wales, Australia. The Courts of New South Wales will have jurisdiction in 
respect of all matters arising under the terms of this Agreement.
Page 14 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 14 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Further Changes or Mark-up: Company
- To be specified by Company where applicable. Inactive where left blank. - 
Page 15 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 15 of 16
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2022                                               REV-22-05-12-a
Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Execution
This Agreement is hereby acknowledged and agreed by the Parties.
Laava ID (Aust) Pty Ltd
Lumx Studios Ltda.
07 / 12 / 2022
08 / 12 / 2022
Victor Silveira
Michel Goldberg 
Business Development Manager
CFO
Page 16 of 16
Document Ref: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Page 16 of 16
Signature Certificate
Reference number: 7BGBG-R9R7S-OL62P-RCXL4
Document completed by all parties on:
14 Dec 2022 01:51:53 UTC
Page 1 of 1
Signer
Timestamp
Signature
Michel Goldberg
Email: michel@lumxstudios.com
Recipient Verification:
Sent:
08 Dec 2022 21:24:05 UTC
Viewed:
08 Dec 2022 21:59:58 UTC
Signed:
08 Dec 2022 22:01:28 UTC
✔Email verified
08 Dec 2022 21:59:58 UTC
IP address: 201.17.85.82 
Location: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Victor Silveira
Email: victor@laava.id
Sent:
08 Dec 2022 21:24:05 UTC
Viewed:
08 Dec 2022 21:24:12 UTC
Signed:
14 Dec 2022 01:51:53 UTC
IP address: 179.182.26.246 
Location: Salvador, Brazil
Signed with PandaDoc
PandaDoc is a document workflow and certified eSignature
solution trusted by 30,000+ companies worldwide.
