Mutual Non Disclosure and 
Non-Circumvention 
Agreement (MNDA-NC)
Prepared by:
Victor Silveira
Business Development Manager
Laava ID (Aust) Pty Ltd ('Laava')
Prepared for:
Michel Goldberg 
CFO
Lumx Studios Ltda. ('Company')
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                            Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 1 of 7
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                              Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Mutual Non-Disclosure and Non-Circumvention Agreement
Duly made and executed (the “Agreement”) by and between Laava ID (Aust) Pty Ltd ('Laava'), 
including its subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company(s), with its principle place of business 
located at Suite 503, Level 5, 147 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia, and Michel Goldberg 
of Lumx Studios Ltda. including its subsidiaries, affiliates and parent company(s), with its 
principal place of business located at Rua Voluntários da Pátria, nº 89, sala. 804, Ed. Empresarial 
Estação Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro Rio de Janeiro 22270-000, Brazil.
WHEREAS the parties hereto desire to exchange certain Confidential Information (hereinafter referred 
to as the "Confidential Information") solely for the purpose of evaluating whether to enter into a business 
agreement (the “Permitted Use”), and wish to ensure that proper mechanisms are in place for the use 
and protection thereof; 
Now, therefore, the parties agree as follows:
1.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
As used in this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean any information disclosed by either 
party to the other party, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by inspection of  tangible objects 
(including documents, prototypes, samples, plant, and equipment), which by its nature or the 
circumstances of its disclosure should be reasonably  construed as being confidential, including, but not 
be limited to any and all scientific, commercial and technical data or statistical information, as well as 
any information concerning the current or proposed business of the  disclosing party including, without 
limitation, trade secrets and trade marks, information regarding the operations, future plans, projected 
sales, marketing, economical and financial information, costs, production, growth and distribution, 
technical information, consultants, management,  employees and other related parties, patents, 
intellectual property and information relating to the products and/or services, whether patentable, or able 
to be copyrighted, or not, and all products and technology in research and development by the 
disclosing party, received directly or indirectly, by the receiving party from the disclosing party verbally or 
in all documents, writings, charts, drawings, computer generated data and any other form of data, no 
matter how acquired, deduced or delivered.
   
Notes, correspondence, analyses, documents, or other written or computer generated records 
containing Confidential Information shall also be considered  as Confidential Information for the 
purposes of this Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term Confidential Information shall not include:
I. 
specific information which is in, or enters into, the public domain other than by reason of a breach 
of this Agreement; 
II. is already in the possession of the receiving party at the time  of disclosure by the disclosing 
party, as demonstrated by documentary evidence;  
Page 2 of 7
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 2 of 7
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                              Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
III. is obtained by the receiving party from a third party without a breach of such third party’s 
obligations of confidentiality; or 
IV. is independently developed by the receiving party without use of or reference to the disclosing 
 party’s Confidential Information, as demonstrated by documentary evidence.
2.  OBLIGATION OF CONFIDENTIALITY
  Each party undertakes in relation to the Confidential Information of the other party, as follows:   
I. 
To treat Confidential Information as strictly confidential;
II. Not to disclose any part of the Confidential Information to any third party;
III. Not to use any Confidential Information for any purpose (including  any technical or commercial 
purpose) other than for the Permitted Use.
Each party shall not disclose any part of the other party's Confidential Information to any third parties or 
to such party’s employees or professional advisors, except to those employees or professional advisors 
of the receiving party who are required to have the information in order to fulfill the Permitted Use.  
A party may disclose the other party’s Confidential Information if required by law so long as the receiving 
party gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and 
assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure.  
Neither party will reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile any prototypes, software, or other 
tangible objects  that embody the other party’s Confidential Information and that are provided to the 
party under this Agreement.  Neither party may make any copies of any Confidential Information without 
the prior written consent of the disclosing party.
 
3. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
All rights, title and interest to the Confidential Information shall remain the sole and exclusive property of 
the disclosing party and its co-inventors.  
The  disclosing party is not hereby granting or extending to receiving party any  rights of any kind under 
any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right with respect to the 
Confidential Information or other disclosing company intellectual property. 
Upon the earlier of (i) a written request by  the disclosing party; or (ii) the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, each party shall promptly return to the other party or destroy all Confidential Information of 
the other party together with any and all copies or excerpts  thereof and any and all other information 
directly or indirectly derived therefrom.  
Each party shall furnish the  other party, together with such returned materials or subsequent to any 
destruction thereof, a certificate duly executed by an officer of such party, confirming that the provisions 
of this section have been complied with.  Return or destruction of the Confidential Information as 
required hereunder shall not affect the remaining obligations  pursuant to this Agreement. 
4.  NON-CIRCUMVENTION
Page 3 of 7
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 3 of 7
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                              Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
The parties agree that, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, neither party will - either directly 
or indirectly - entertain, engage, participate in or allow any activity designed to circumvent the terms of 
this Agreement or the rights accruing to the parties (during or after Termination of this agreement) by 
engaging in dealings or conduct the object of which would be to deprive either party of their entitlements 
under this Agreement or the rights accruing to the parties. 
5.  NO WARRANTY
All Confidential Information is provided “as is”.  Each party makes no warranties, express, implied, or 
otherwise, including regarding the accuracy, completeness, or  performance of its Confidential 
Information.
 
6.  MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement is the entire agreement between  the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes all  prior arrangements between the parties with respect thereto.
  
This Agreement shall not be varied, extended,  or altered unless such variation, extension, or alteration 
is made in writing.  This Agreement is not assignable without the  prior written consent of the other party 
hereto.
  
Nothing in this Agreement will obligate either  party to proceed with any transaction between them, and 
each party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the discussions contemplated by  this 
Agreement.
Omission or delay on the part of either party in  requiring due and punctual fulfillment of any of the 
obligations of the other  party hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of such obligation, or any other 
obligations, present or future, or of any resulting remedy for the breach  thereof.  
The invalidity or unenforceability of any  particular provision of this Agreement shall not in any manner or 
way affect  any other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed if possible  as if 
amended to conform to legal requirements, failing which it shall be  construed as if any such offending 
provision were omitted.
This Agreement shall be governed by and  construed in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, 
Australia.  Any dispute arising between the Parties in  respect to this Agreement shall be exclusively 
referred to the competent court  in New South Wales, provided that either party may seek injunctive or 
preliminary relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.  
Each party acknowledges that any violation or  threatened violation of this Agreement may cause 
irreparable injury to the other  party, entitling the other party to seek injunctive relief in addition to all 
other legal remedies.
All notices and reports provided for and/or  required under this Agreement shall be in writing and 
addressed to the parties  at their addresses as specified in the preamble hereto.  All notices may be sent 
by mail or by  facsimile.  All notices sent by mail  between the parties will be assumed to be received 7 
Page 4 of 7
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 4 of 7
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                              Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
days after posting from a  national post office.  Facsimile  transmissions will be assumed to be received 
12 hours after being sent. 
Page 5 of 7
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 5 of 7
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                              Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Mark-up Requests or Comments: Lumx Studios Ltda.
Where applicable. Not applicable if left blank. 
Page 6 of 7
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 6 of 7
Copyright Laava ID Pty Ltd 2021                                                                                                                                              Strictly Commercial-in-Confidence
Execution
This Agreement is hereby acknowledged and agreed by the Parties.
Laava ID (Aust) Pty Ltd
Lumx Studios Ltda.
06 / 09 / 2022
08 / 09 / 2022
Victor Silveira
Michel Goldberg 
Business Development Manager
CFO
Page 7 of 7
Document Ref: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Page 7 of 7
Signature Certificate
Reference number: RE3XD-R7E2G-Q7TJP-UQWOD
Document completed by all parties on:
08 Sep 2022 13:44:50 UTC
Page 1 of 1
Signer
Timestamp
Signature
Victor Silveira
Email: victor@laava.id
Sent:
06 Sep 2022 03:36:47 UTC
Signed:
06 Sep 2022 03:36:48 UTC
IP address: 189.59.214.208 
Location: Salvador, Brazil
Michel Goldberg
Email: michel@lumxstudios.com
Recipient Verification:
Sent:
06 Sep 2022 03:36:47 UTC
Viewed:
08 Sep 2022 13:29:46 UTC
Signed:
08 Sep 2022 13:44:50 UTC
✔Email verified
08 Sep 2022 13:29:46 UTC
IP address: 179.218.14.244 
Location: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Signed with PandaDoc
PandaDoc is a document workflow and certified eSignature
solution trusted by 30,000+ companies worldwide.
