Page 1 of 4
Order Form Number: Q-03377
Expiration Date:28 Nov, 2023
Fireblocks Ltd
Floor 25, Yizhak Sade 8
Tel Aviv 6777508
Israel
Prepared For:
Michel Goldberg
financeiro@lumx.io
Prepared By:
Sofia Duesberg
sduesberg@fireblocks.com
BILL TO
SHIP TO
Name:
Lumx Studios
Name:
Lumx Studios
Address:
Rua Voluntários da Pátria 89/804
Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro
02010-100
Brazil
Address:
Rua Voluntários da Pátria 89/804
Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro
02010-100
Brazil
Bill To Email:
financeiro@lumx.io
Workspace
Owner Email:
bruno.leao@lumxstudios.com
Named Account: Lumx Studios
Subscription Start Date: 29 Nov, 2023
Subscription End Date: 28 Nov, 2024
Billing Frequency: Monthly
Payment Terms: Net 30
Credit Card payment upfront on a Monthly basis. 
Please ensure accuracy of the Bill to and Ship to information above. The welcome email with service activation information will
be sent to the Workspace Owner Email provided above.
ORDER DETAILS
SUBSCRIPTION
Product Name
Product Description
Date
Quantity
Final Price
Wallet as a
Service Starter
Retail Wallet: 10,000
Online Workspace: 1
Testnet Workspace: 1
Workspace Users: 5
Quarterly Outgoing Transfer Volume: 1,000,000
Assets Under Custody: 500,000
Exchange Connections: 2
Blockchains: 10
29 Nov, 2023-
28 Nov, 2024
1
$12,500.00
 
Total: $12,500.00
Page 2 of 4
 
OVERAGES
Start Date
End Date
Product
Code
Product Name
Overage
Rate
Measurement
Frequency
29 Nov,
2023
28 Nov,
2024
BCK
Blockchains
$156.25
Monthly
29 Nov,
2023
28 Nov,
2024
EXC
Exchange Connections
$781.25
Monthly
29 Nov,
2023
28 Nov,
2024
AUC
Assets Under Custody
$0.00313
Monthly
29 Nov,
2023
28 Nov,
2024
VOL
Quarterly Outgoing Transfer
Volume
$0.00469
Quarterly
29 Nov,
2023
28 Nov,
2024
USER
Workspace Users
$312.5
Monthly
29 Nov,
2023
28 Nov,
2024
RW
Retail Wallet
$0.15625
Monthly
ORDER TERMS
This Order Form is incorporated into the Fireblock’s License Agreement/Master Software as a Service Agreement
(the “Agreement”) executed between the parties. 
The term of subscriptions included in this Order Form shall commence on the later of the Subscription Start Date
listed above or the execution date, as determined by the date listed in the Signature section below. 
PAYMENT TERMS
Fees associated with this Order Form shall be invoiced upon the Subscription Start Date and are payable in
accordance with the Payment Terms stated above unless expressly stated otherwise below. Fees stated in this
Order Form are non-cancellable and non-refundable. 
If a Client Purchase Order is required, please complete the following (leave blank if not required).
Client PO Number:
OTHER PURCHASE TERMS
At the end of each period determined by the Measurement Frequency stated above during the subscription term
set forth in the Order Form, if Client's cumulative consumption exceeds the amounts included in its subscription,
such excess shall constitute an Overage. Fireblocks shall invoice for such Overages based on the rates
prescribed herein, which will be due in accordance with the Payment Terms stated in this Order Form. 
For avoidance of doubt, amounts to be invoiced for the Overage shall be calculated as follows: 
(Actual Amount - Subscription Amount) x Overage Rate
SPECIAL TERMS
Page 3 of 4
Page 4 of 4
 
DISCLAIMER: This Order Form and its contents are intended solely for the benefit of the parties identified above. This Order Form may not be reproduced or distributed to
third parties. 
 
SIGNATURE
By signing below, I affirm that I am authorized to execute this Order Form and agree to the terms set forth herein.
Accepted by:
 
 
 
 
Signature    _____________________________________
 
 
 
 
Name
   _____________________________________
 
 
 
 
Title
   _____________________________________
 
 
 
 
Date
   _____________________________________
Caio Barbosa (Nov 28, 2023 16:39 GMT-3)
Caio Barbosa
Caio Barbosa
Co-CEO
Nov 28, 2023
Michel Goldberg (Nov 28, 2023 16:42 GMT-3)
Michel Goldberg
Michel Goldberg
CFO
Nov 28, 2023
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
Master Software as a Service Agreement 
 
This Master Software as a Service Agreement (the “SaaS” and “Agreement” respectively) is entered into 
and effective as of the date of the final signature below (“Effective Date”), by and among LUMX 
STUDIOS S.A., located at Rua Voluntários da Pátria, 89/804, Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro, 22270-000, Brazil 
and its Affiliates (as defined below), (“Client”), and Fireblocks Ltd. an Israeli Company, located at Floor 
25, Yizhak Sade 8, Tel Aviv, Israel 6777508 (“Fireblocks”); and (each, a “Party” and collectively, the 
“Parties”).  
 
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in Schedule A (Definitions). 
1.        Access and usage rights to Services. 
1.1    
 The Service provides Client access and usage of the proprietary SaaS platform developed 
and owned by Fireblocks (and supporting services thereto), enabling Client to securely store, 
manage and administer its own holdings of digital assets in its Workspace directly on various 
blockchains using a combination of encrypted public and private keys (each such administrative 
environment a “Workspace”). Fireblocks may at its sole discretion also make additional services 
and/or software features available to Client from time to time (“Optional Services,” and together 
with the Workspaces, collectively the “Service”). Client’s selection of chargeable items offered as 
part of the Service, such as the initial number of Workspaces or Users, shall be set forth in the 
applicable Order Form(s), which collectively form an integral part of this Agreement. 
1.2    
 Usage rights. Subject to Client’s compliance with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement (including payment obligations), Order Form(s) and Schedule B (additional terms 
applicable to Optional Services during the Term, Fireblocks hereby grants to Client a subscription 
to access and use the Service on a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable basis for the 
Term.  
1.3         Supported Tokens & Forks. Fireblocks supports only Supported Tokens. This means, and 
without limitation, Client shall not attempt to receive, request, send, store, or engage in any other 
type of transaction involving any token other than a Supported Token. Fireblocks will have no 
responsibility or liability if Client loses, burns, or otherwise cannot access or control any token that 
Fireblocks does not support. Additionally, Client acknowledges and agrees that (i) Fireblocks is 
not responsible for operation or failure of underlying digital asset protocols and further, makes no 
guarantee as to the functionality, security, or availability of such underlying protocols (including 
but not limited to delays caused by “hashing” and other blockchain errors); and (ii) if a Fork occurs, 
Fireblocks will not support the Forked protocol unless officially announced by Fireblocks, but will 
allow Client to transfer the affected digital asset. 
2.        Usage Restrictions. 
2.1 
Client will not (or attempt to, and ensure it will not authorize or assist others to): (a) 
circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services or features 
that enforce limitations on use of the Services; (b) disassemble, reverse engineer, modify, translate, 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
alter or decompile all or any portion of the Services or otherwise discern the source code of the 
Services except and solely to the extent permitted under applicable law; (c) use the Services (i) on 
a service bureau or time sharing basis;  or (ii) to provide services to third parties not in accordance 
with this Agreement; (d) distribute, copy, modify, duplicate, rent, lease, sublicense, assign, 
transmit, sell or otherwise transfer the Services or any of Client’s rights therein; (e) violate or abuse 
password protections governing access and usage of the Services; (f) interfere with the integrity or 
proper working of the Services; (g) use the Services in any unlawful manner or otherwise in breach 
of this Agreement; (h) delete, remove, obscure or in any manner alter the copyright, trademark, and 
other Fireblocks’ or any other third parties’ intellectual proprietary rights notices appearing on or 
in the Services or any component thereof; (i) use the Services in order to conduct any comparisons, 
competitive analysis, penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, aimed identified security 
vulnerability, or other benchmarking activities, either alone or in connection with any other 
Services or hardware without the prior written consent of the Fireblocks; (j) use the Services other 
than as permitted herein; and/or (k) use Fireblocks’ name and logo without Fireblocks prior written 
approval. Client will prevent any unauthorized access to, or the use of the Services and immediately 
notify Fireblocks of any such unauthorized access or use. 
3.        Setup; Client Key Obligations. 
3.1    
 Initial Setup. Following the Effective Date, Fireblocks will enable Client to access and use 
the Service. Client’s access and use of the Service will conform to the number of Workspaces set 
forth in the applicable Order Form, and Client will appoint an Owner for each Workspace within 
its Account. Following the creation of a digital wallet private key through the Service, Client is 
required to activate an encrypted share of the access credentials, which must be stored on a Client 
Device (the “Private Key Share”). Upon activation of the Private Key Share and during the initial 
onboarding process, Client will trigger the Service to generate a Recovery Passphrase to enable 
recovery of the Private Key Share (the “Recovery Passphrase”) and the Service will automatically 
provide a code which enables the reconstruction of the private keys for the wallets in the Workspace 
without any requirement of Fireblocks’ involvement (the “Full Key Recovery Package”). The 
Private Key Share, Recovery Passphrase and Full Key Recovery Package are collectively referred 
to as the “Client Keys”. 
3.2    
Recovery Process. Client may use the Recovery Passphrase to recover a Private Key Share 
in the event a Client Device containing a Private Key Share is lost, stolen, damaged, or otherwise 
inaccessible. Fireblocks doesn’t have the ability to create or access the Client Keys. Client 
acknowledges and agrees it must: (i) store the Client Keys in a secured, offline location, with strict 
protocols setting adequate security measures to protect the Client Keys; and (ii) from time to time, 
perform a recovery test to ensure the Full Key Recovery Package operates in accordance with 
Client’s recovery procedure. If Client loses the Client Keys, Fireblocks cannot assist Client in the 
retrieval of the lost Client Keys. Client acknowledges that under certain conditions, loss of the 
Client Keys can lead to permanent damage and complete loss of control over the Client’s digital 
assets, and the inability to recover the digital assets therein. 
3.3    
Recovery Process Backup. Client hereby expressly agrees (i) it is Client’s sole 
responsibility to backup the Client Keys; and (ii) Fireblocks will not be liable (whether directly or 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
indirectly) for any loss suffered due to Client’s failure to comply with the recovery process 
recommendation under Section 3.2 immediately above. If requested by Client, Fireblocks may 
recommend a third party to directly provide Client with backup storage services.  Client agrees 
such backup storage services will be provided in full by an external, unrelated to Fireblocks, third 
party and therefore Client hereby releases and forever discharges Fireblocks and its respective 
predecessors, successors and Affiliates, assignees, officers, directors, agents, and employees, as 
well as all other persons or entities named or unnamed, from all claims, demands, damages, costs, 
expenses, liens, actions or causes of action, whether known or unknown, that arise from or are in 
any way related to the services provided by such third party. Fireblocks is not responsible for any 
acts and/or omissions of any such service provider (including, without limitation, in compliance 
with applicable law, the service provider’s vendors’, breaches and misuse of any data provided 
hereunder). 
3.4   
  Client Keys. Client acknowledges that only Client, through its Owners and Users, are 
permitted to use the Client Keys. Client will prevent any unauthorized access to, or use of, the 
Client Keys, and Client will notify Fireblocks immediately upon becoming aware of any access to 
or use of the Client Keys. Client is solely responsible for any consequences, losses, expenses, costs, 
and claims that may result due to any incorrect, neglectful, or unauthorized use of the Client Keys. 
Fireblocks has no responsibility for any loss or damage that may be incurred due to Client’s failure 
to secure the Client Keys pursuant to this Section 3.4 and Section 3.3 of this Agreement, including, 
but not limited to, a failed recovery of a wallet, loss of data, erroneous transmission of digital assets, 
loss of digital assets, and/or hacking by third parties. Client shall implement appropriate technical, 
organizational and security measures to make sure that Client’s Users have access to their 
individual Client Keys. 
3.5    
 Client Keys; Security Breach Notification. Client shall notify Fireblocks of any security 
breach of, including unauthorized access to, the Service, any of the Client Keys, the Account, any 
User, or a Client network, endpoint, or system as soon as possible upon becoming aware of such 
event. Client shall cooperate in good faith with Fireblocks in the investigation of any suspected 
unauthorized access to or use of the Service using the Account, credentials or Client Keys, and any 
security breach. 
3.6    
 Sanity Testing. Following the setup of each Workspace(s), development or deployment of 
a new smart contract, minting of a new token, or connection to a new exchange or counterparty, 
Client must test each such new Workspace(s), smart contract, token, or connection before executing 
a live transaction to ensure that the functionality is working as intended.   
3.7 
 Insurance.  Client shall be responsible for maintaining their own insurance policies. 
Fireblocks will provide Client with a copy of its certificate of insurance upon written request. 
3.8    
 Users.  Client will ensure that all Users comply with the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement and that Users will keep Account login details secure. Client is, and will remain, solely 
responsible for its internal policies and procedures with respect to delegating use of the Service to 
Users, and Client acknowledges that it will be bound by all actions taken on the Fireblocks platform 
and will be liable for any breach of this Agreement by its Users. Without derogating from the above, 
Fireblocks will not be responsible or liable in any way for any of the following: (a) any instance of 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
unauthorized access or use of the Service by Users; and/or (b) any other third party using the 
Account to access to the Service (including in case of theft, embezzlement, or similar cases).  
4.        Usage Data. 
4.1    
 Usage Data. Through its use of the Service, Client may provide, upload, import, transmit, 
post, or make accessible to Fireblocks certain data (“Usage Data”). Client grants Fireblocks a 
royalty-free, fully paid, revocable, non-exclusive license to use, process, display, copy, modify, 
make derivative works of, and store the Usage Data solely in order to: (i) to provide the Services 
to Client; (ii) to administer and make improvements to the Service; and (iii) to collect and analyze 
aggregated anonymous information. Client acknowledges that the Services do not operate as an 
archive or file storage service. Client is solely responsible for the backup of Usage Data and Client 
alone can implement back up plans and safeguards appropriate for its requirements. 
4.2    
 Rights in Usage Data. Client shall own all rights, title, and interest in and to the Usage 
Data. Client shall have sole responsibility for the reliability, integrity, accuracy, and quality of the 
Usage Data. 
5.        Support Levels. 
5.1    
 Support and maintenance services are provided according to the service level agreements 
set forth at fireblocks.com/sla (the “SLA”). 
6.    
Accessing Third Party Services. 
6.1    
Third Party Services. Client may access certain optional third-party services provided by 
external and independent third-party providers (“Third Party Services”) through the Fireblocks 
platform, in connection with Client’s use of the Services. Client hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that such Third-Party Services are provided directly by the Third Party and are completely in the 
relevant Third Party’s control. Third Party Services to Client are subject to the Third Party's 
applicable terms and conditions. Fireblocks is not responsible for the quality of Third-Party 
Services provided by the Third Party to Client. By accepting the Third Party’s terms and conditions, 
Client is engaging directly with the Third Party and Fireblocks will not be liable for any acts or 
omissions of such Third Party, including failure of such Third-Party Service to perform to any 
particular standard. In no manner does Client’s ability to access Third Party Services via the Service 
constitute a recommendation or endorsement of those Third-Party Services by Fireblocks. Client 
agrees to comply with all applicable Third-Party terms and conditions when accessing the Third-
Party Services through the Services. 
6.2    
Usage Data. In order to use Third Party Services via the Service, Client may need to provide 
certain information to the Third Party. Client acknowledges and agrees that Fireblocks may share 
any data (including without limitation, Usage Data) Client provides when using such Third-Party 
Service to the applicable Third Party for the sole purpose of facilitating the integration of Service 
with the Third-Party Services. Client hereby authorizes and consents to Fireblocks sharing only 
such data as is necessary to ensure the smooth functioning of the Third-Party Services.  
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
6.3    
Optional Services. In addition, Client has the option to use and/or add Optional Services 
that will be used in connection with the Services. A list of such Optional Services and their 
description and additional terms are attached hereto as Schedule B. Client represents and warrants 
that it will ensure that Users are aware of and understand the terms of this Agreement and any 
relevant terms of the Optional Services.  
6.4    
Disclaimer of Accuracy of Third-Party Content.  Fireblocks cannot warrant and does not 
warrant that the Third-Party content available on the Services is accurate, complete, reliable, 
current, or error-free. 
6.5    
Disclaimer of Errors Attributable to Third Party Services. In the event that a transaction is 
not completed due to a Third Party, or any other error occurs as a result of a Third Party (including 
without limitation errors that occur on any supported blockchain), Fireblocks is not responsible for 
any claim, liability, expenses, losses, costs, and/or claims resulting from such Third-Party content. 
6.6        No Warranty by Fireblocks. CLIENT IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS CHOICE 
AND USE OF OPTIONAL SERVICES AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES OFFERED 
THROUGH THE SERVICE AND NOTWITHSTANDING SECTIONS 12 (LIMITED 
WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES) AND 14 (LIMITATION OF 
LIABILITY) BELOW, FIREBLOCKS AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES, 
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (BY LAW OR OTHERWISE), AND HEREBY DISCLAIM 
ALL LIABILITY, WITH RESPECT TO SUCH OPTIONAL SOFTWARE SERVICE AND 
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE.      
7.      
DeFi Applications and Staking. 
7.1    
As part of the Services, Fireblocks offers its clients the option to access decentralized 
finance (“DeFi”) applications and/or proof of stake networks (“Staking”). Fireblocks may offer 
some of these services through Third Parties. All the terms and conditions contained in Section 6 
(Accessing Third Party Services) above will be fully applicable in its entirety to all DeFi and 
Staking services provided through Third Party Services. The incentives for the Third-Party Services 
vary and are typically calculated subject to the protocols of the applicable network.  
7.2 FIREBLOCKS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO INITIATE OR TERMINATE CONNECTIVITY 
WITH ANY DEFI APPLICATION OR STAKING SERVICE PROVIDER, OR MODIFY THE 
RULES FOR PARTICIPATION, AT ANY TIME IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION BY PROVIDING 
CLIENT AT LEAST FIVE (5) DAYS PRIOR NOTICE. 
7.3    
Interactions with DeFi Applications. Unless otherwise specified, DeFi applications are 
offered by Third Parties. Fireblocks makes no representations or guarantees regarding the operation 
of any particular DeFi application or protocol, and Fireblocks makes no statements, claims, 
representations or warranties about the security, functionality, or accuracy of representations 
regarding any DeFi service, including in circumstances where a transaction to or from a DeFi 
application originates or terminates from a Fireblocks wallet.  
7.4    
FIREBLOCKS DOES NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE: (i) THE 
RETURN OF ANY PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF DIGITAL ASSETS TRANSFERRED TO A 
DEFI APPLICATION OR STAKING NETWORK; OR, (ii) ANY PROCEEDS, RETURNS OR 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
REWARDS OFFERED OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DEFI 
APPLICATION OR STAKING SERVICE. 
7.5    
Distribution of Staking Rewards.  Unless otherwise specified, proceeds from Staking and 
DeFi programs are calculated, rewarded, and distributed by Third Parties. Fireblocks makes no 
representations or guarantees regarding the calculation or distribution of proceeds in connection 
with Client’s use of Staking or DeFi services.  Client acknowledges that any complaint regarding 
the calculation or distribution of proceeds should be directed to the Third Parties providing the 
Third-Party Service, and Fireblocks has no obligation or responsibility to act as intermediary to any 
complaint or dispute as may arise between Client and a DeFi application or Staking service 
provider. With respect to Ethereum Staking specifically, Fireblocks makes no guarantees regarding 
any conversion between any Ethereum network protocols that Client may be required to perform 
in connection with a DeFi application or Staking service. IF AN ETHEREUM NETWORK 
CONVERSION OR UPGRADE FAILS FOR ANY REASON, FIREBLOCKS WILL NOT BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE LOST ASSETS. 
  
7.6    
Slashing Penalties.  A Staking Third Party may, on occasion, determine that proceeds were 
erroneously rewarded, or that proceeds should not be rewarded, and such determinations may result 
in the application of a “slashing penalty.”  Fireblocks makes no guarantees that any of Client’s 
digital assets that are transferred to a Staking network will not be subject to a slashing penalty. In 
the unlikely event that Client’s digital assets are subject to a slashing penalty, Client acknowledges 
that it is solely responsible for resolving the complaint with the relevant Third Party.    
  
7.7    
Transaction Authorization Policy.  Interacting with the DeFi and Staking Third Party may 
require changes in the Fireblocks Transaction Authorization Policy of Client.  Client understands 
and accepts the risk of making changes to the Fireblocks Transaction Authorization Policy. It is 
Client’s sole responsibility to conduct diligence on the consequences of any Transaction 
Authorization Policy changes and approve them. 
  
7.8    
Use of APIs.  Fireblocks may make open-source scripts and external utilities to interact 
with DeFi and staking applications available to Client through API. The API access that is required 
is broad and can reduce the level of Fireblocks policy security for Client. It is the Client’s sole 
responsibility to audit and diligence the script and/or utilities, validate that the script files are not 
compromised in their system or networks and maintain strict protocols around the security of the 
API key. 
  
7.9    
Downtime Incidents.  Some DeFi applications and Staking services are time sensitive. 
Client acknowledges that its inability to interact with a DeFi application or Staking service within 
certain timeframes may result in monetary loss, including from liquidations or fluctuations in 
market prices.  Client acknowledges that Fireblocks makes no representations regarding the 
suitability of its Service for interacting with time sensitive DeFi applications and Staking services, 
and Fireblocks accepts no responsibility for the impact of any unavailability, downtime, or delays 
in interacting with such services through the Fireblocks Service.  
  
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
7.10   Assumption of Risk.  Fireblocks’ sole responsibility with respect to DeFi and Staking 
services is transmitting information over the Fireblocks’ nodes into the respective blockchain 
network. Fireblocks makes no representations or warranties of any kind as to the consequences of 
Client transferring digital assets to a DeFi application or Staking service.  
8.        Pricing and Payment 
8.1    
 Subscription Fee. Client shall pay Fireblocks the subscription Fees. Unless otherwise set 
forth in an applicable Order Form, the Fee are due and payable in full annually upon execution of 
this Agreement and the Order Form. 
8.2    
 Payment Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the Order Form, all Fees shall be due and 
payable within thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice, and Client shall affect payment of all 
Fees by wire transfer, credit card or as otherwise specified in the Order Form. If Client does not 
pay the Fees in full by the due date, the overdue amount shall be subject to a late fee equal to 1.5% 
per month or, if less, the maximum amount allowed by applicable law. Additionally, Fireblocks 
may cease providing the Services in the event of a failure to pay undisputed invoices in accordance 
with Section 8.3 below. 
8.3    
 Taxes. All amounts and Fees payable hereunder shall not be subject to any set-off or 
deduction. All Fees are exclusive of any applicable taxes, duties, and similar governmental charges, 
and, except with respect to income taxes of Fireblocks, Client is responsible for payment of all such 
amounts, including sales and use tax, value added tax (VAT), withholding taxes, export, import, 
and other duties imposed by any governmental agency in connection with this Agreement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Client agrees to classify all payments made under this Agreement to be for 
Services and at no time will Client characterize said payments to be royalties.  Client agrees to hold 
harmless Fireblocks from all claims and liability arising from Client's failure to report or pay such 
taxes, duties, or other governmental charges. 
9.        Term and Termination 
9.1    
 Term. Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this 
Agreement and the access and usage rights granted under Section 1 above is effective for the period 
set forth in the applicable Order Form (the “Initial Term”). Following the Initial Term (or a 
Renewal Term as the case may be), this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for consecutive 
periods of one (1) year (each a “Renewal Term,” and together with the Initial Term collectively 
the “Term”), unless either Party provides the other Party with notice of termination of this 
Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiry of the then-current Renewal Term. If Client 
continues to use the Services past any Renewal Date, Client shall be deemed to have renewed the 
Agreement for the following Renewal Term. For the avoidance of doubt, Fireblocks may update 
its Fees upon a Renewal Term by providing Client with thirty (30) days’ notice. 
9.2    
 Termination for Breach. Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving 
written notice to the other Party if the other Party commits a material breach of any term of this 
Agreement, and, if curable, fails to cure the breach, within thirty (30) days after being given written 
notice, specifying details of the breach, and requiring the same to be remedied. 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
9.3    
 Suspension of Services. If Client does not pay the Fees in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement and the applicable Order Form, Fireblocks, in its sole discretion, upon ten (10) days 
of written notice to Client may suspend, block and/or restrict Client’s access to and usage of the 
Service. 
9.4    
 Effect of Termination. Upon termination, Client shall: (i) immediately stop access and 
cease use of the Service; (ii) transfer and remove all the amounts deposited or transferred to its 
Workspace(s) and ensure that no amounts will be transferred to the Account following termination; 
and (iii) return to Fireblocks any and all of Fireblocks Confidential Information then in its 
possession. Fireblocks shall not be liable for any transfers to Client's wallets following the 
termination of the Agreement. Following the Termination or expiration of this Agreement, Client 
has the sole responsibility to remove any and all digital assets from its Workspace(s) and 
acknowledges that Fireblocks is not liable for any assets in Client’s Workspace. 
9.5    
 Survival. All provisions of this Agreement which may reasonably be interpreted or 
construed as surviving the expiration or termination of this Agreement including, but not limited 
to, Sections 2, 4, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, and 17 shall survive any expiry or termination of this Agreement. 
10.          Proprietary Rights 
10.1      Intellectual Property Rights. All rights, titles, and interests, including any Intellectual 
Property rights evidenced by or embodied in, attached, connected, and/or related to the Services 
and any and all improvements and derivative works thereof, are and shall remain owned solely by 
Fireblocks. This Agreement does not in any manner whether directly or indirectly convey to Client 
any rights, interest, or license in or to the Services other than as the right to access and use the 
Services as expressly stated herein or in any Order Form. Nothing herein constitutes a waiver of 
Fireblocks’ Intellectual Property rights under any applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement 
excludes the liability of Client for any breach, infringement or misappropriation of Fireblocks 
Intellectual Property rights. 
10.2      Feedback. Any improvements made to the Service due to any Feedback shall belong 
exclusively to Fireblocks and shall be considered Fireblocks’ Intellectual Property. Client hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally transfers and assigns to Fireblocks all Intellectual Property rights 
it may have in any developments made as a result of such Feedback and waives any and all moral 
rights that Client may have in respect thereto.  It is further understood that use of Feedback, if any, 
may be made by Fireblocks at its sole discretion, and that Fireblocks in no way shall be obliged to 
make use of any kind of the Feedback or part thereof. 
10.3      Intellectual Property. Except for rights expressly granted under this Agreement, nothing 
in this Agreement will transfer any of either Party's Intellectual Property rights to the other Party, 
and each Party will retain exclusive interest in, and ownership of, its Intellectual Property 
developed prior to this Agreement or developed outside the scope of this Agreement. 
11.    
 Confidential Information 
11.1  
Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. Each Party shall take reasonable measures, at 
least as protective as those taken to protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event less 
than reasonable care, to protect the disclosing Party’s Confidential Information from disclosure to 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
a third party. The receiving Party’s obligations under this Section 11, with respect to any 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party, shall not apply to and/or shall terminate if such 
information: (a) was already lawfully known to the receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the 
disclosing Party; (b) was disclosed to the receiving Party by a third party who had the right to make 
such disclosure without any confidentiality restrictions; (c) is, or through no fault of the receiving 
Party has become, generally available to the public; or (d) was independently developed by the 
receiving Party without access to, or use of, the disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. 
Neither Party shall use or disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party except for 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement. The receiving Party shall only permit access 
to the disclosing Party's Confidential Information to its respective employees, consultants, 
Affiliates, agents, and subcontractors having a need to know such information. 
11.2  
Effect of Termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement, each Party shall return to 
the other Party all confidential information of the other Party, and all copies thereof, in the 
possession, custody or control of the Party unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 
All right, title and interest in and to Confidential Information are and shall remain the sole and 
exclusive property of the disclosing Party. 
11.3  
Permitted Disclosure. The receiving Party may also disclose Confidential Information to 
the minimum extent required by an order of any court of competent jurisdiction or any regulatory, 
judicial, governmental, or similar body or any taxation authority of competent jurisdiction. Before 
the receiving Party discloses any Confidential Information pursuant to this Section 11.3 it shall, to 
the extent permitted by law, use reasonable endeavors to give the disclosing Party as much notice 
of this disclosure as possible. 
12.    
 Limited Warranties; Disclaimer of Warranties 
12.1  
Representations. Each Party warrants that (i) it has the power and authority, and has taken 
all corporate action required, to enter into and fully perform this Agreement; and (ii) its entry into 
and performance of this Agreement does not and will not, violate any agreement to which it is 
bound. 
12.2  
Fireblocks' Representations. Fireblocks further warrants the Service: (a) will perform 
materially in accordance with the applicable Documentation (as defined below); and (b) the use of 
the Service in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will not introduce any malicious code 
into Client's systems. In case of failure of the abovementioned warranties, Client will immediately 
notify Fireblocks of such failure, and Fireblocks will make commercially reasonable efforts to 
repair or replace the non-conforming Service. The Security Reports will be provided upon request. 
12.3  
Client's Representations. Client further represents and warrants that it will comply with all 
applicable laws and shall ensure that its digital assets activities comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations, including but not limited to consumer protection, e-money licenses, anti-bribery, anti-
corruption, money laundering, or terrorist financing laws and regulations. Additionally, Client 
represents and warrants that It is Client’s sole responsibility for reporting and paying any applicable 
tax obligations that arise from Client’s use of DeFi and Staking services and all transactions in 
connection therewith. 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
12.4  
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION, THE SERVICE AND THE 
SERVICES PROVIDED BY FIREBLOCKS TO CLIENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND 
FIREBLOCKS AND ITS SUPPLIERS, IF ANY, MAKE NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SERVICE, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM 
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW. FIREBLOCKS DOES NOT WARRANT 
THAT THE SERVICE WILL MEET CLIENT'S REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT 
INTERRUPTION OR BE ERROR FREE. 
12.5  
LIABILITY 
FOR 
CLIENT 
MODIFICATIONS. 
FIREBLOCKS 
HAS 
NO 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE RESULTING FROM, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, ANY DAMAGE TO THE ACCOUNT, AND THE WARRANTY DOES NOT 
APPLY TO ANY SECURITY BREACH RESULTING FROM: (i) ANY MODIFICATIONS OR 
ALTERATION OF THE SERVICE, ITS FUNCTIONALITY, OR CAPABILITIES THAT IS 
NOT MADE BY FIREBLOCKS OR ITS AGENTS; AND/OR (ii) BY MALICIOUS CODE, 
MALWARE, BOTS, WORMS, TROJANS, BACKDOORS, EXPLOITS, CHEATS, FRAUD, 
HACKS, HIDDEN DIAGNOSTICS, OR OTHER MECHANISMS TO DISABLE SECURITY 
OR CONTENT PROTECTION THAT IS  RESULTING FROM CLIENT'S NETWORK OR 
SYSTEM. 
12.6  
Blockchain/Node Errors/Failures.  In the event that the Service does not accomplish a 
transaction due to an error or failure related to operation of the underlying blockchain or protocol 
of any supported digital asset (including delays caused by “hashing” and other blockchain errors), 
Fireblocks is not responsible for any claim, liability, expenses, losses, costs, and/or claims related 
thereto. Fireblocks shall have no responsibility for any damages caused due to a blockchain and/or 
node downtime or failure irrespective of cause. 
12.7 
 Additional Risk Disclosures. Fireblocks has no control over and makes no representations 
regarding the value of digital assets, or the security of their networks or protocols. Fireblocks does 
not own or control the underlying software protocols which govern the operation of digital assets. 
12.8     Monitoring. Fireblocks enables Client to utilize its digital assets while stored in the 
Workspace; however, Fireblocks is an automated platform and does not manually monitor or 
control the status of transactions or balances within the Workspace. Client must review its own 
internal ledger and the wallet balances to ensure that the transaction is reflected in accordance with 
the notification provided by the Service prior to reattempting a “FAILED” transaction or crediting 
an end-user if using a reconciliation process following a notification of a “COMPLETED” 
transaction.  
12.9 
Deposit Control Feature. Client may customize the number of confirmations required from 
a blockchain before funds will be credited to its wallet by customizing various logical rules within 
the Service (the “Deposit Control'' feature). Client is solely responsible in the event a transaction 
is unsuccessful in being added to the blockchain in the event it configures the Deposit Control 
feature to a threshold below the recommended value. 
13.    
 Indemnities 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
13.1  
Indemnification by Fireblocks. Fireblocks agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 
Client from and against third party IP Infringement Claims arising out of Client’s use of the Service 
and Fireblocks will pay any damages or judgments awarded in a final judgment against Client that 
are attributable to such claim, provided that Client complies with the Indemnification Process set 
forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fireblocks shall have no responsibility for Excluded 
Claims. If the Service becomes, or in Fireblocks' opinion is likely to become, the subject of an IP 
Infringement Claim, then Fireblocks may, at its sole discretion: (a) procure for Client the right to 
continue using the Service; (b) replace or modify the Service to avoid the IP Infringement Claim; 
or (c) if options (a) and (b) cannot be accomplished despite Fireblocks' reasonable efforts, then 
Fireblocks may terminate this Agreement and provide a refund for any amount prepaid by Client 
for the remaining unused period of the Term. 
13.2  
Indemnification by Client. Client agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 
Fireblocks from and against (i) Excluded Claims; (ii) Client’s breach of any Optional Software 
Service terms or third party terms; and (iii) Client’s breach of Sections 2 (Usage Restrictions) or 3 
(Setup; Client Keys Obligations) above and Client will pay any damages or judgments awarded in 
a final judgment against Fireblocks that are attributable to such claim, provided that Fireblocks 
complies with the Indemnification Process set forth herein. 
13.3  
Indemnification Process. Pursuant to the terms set forth under this Section 13.3, the Party 
seeking indemnification shall: (i) promptly notify the indemnifying Party of any claim in writing; 
(ii) grant the indemnifying Party the sole authority to conduct the defense or settlement of such 
claim, provided that the indemnifying Party shall not settle any claim that requires the indemnified 
Party to pay monetary damages or is subject to injunctive relief without the indemnified Party’s 
written consent; and (iii) provide the indemnifying Party all reasonable information and assistance 
at the indemnifying Party’s expense. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the indemnified Party shall be 
able to participate in any defense at its own expense. 
13.4  
Sole and Exclusive Remedy. This Section 13 states Fireblocks’ entire liability, and Client’s 
exclusive remedy, for claims or alleged or actual infringement. 
14.    
 Limitation of Liability 
EXCEPT FOR CLIENT'S MISAPPROPRIATION OR OTHERWISE VIOLATION OF FIREBLOCKS' 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INCLUDING MISUSE OF THE LICENSE GRANTED 
HEREUNDER (“LIABILITY EXCLUSIONS”), NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY 
LOSS OF REVENUE, REPUTATION, OR PROFITS, DATA, OR DATA USE. 
EXCEPT FOR THE LIABILITY EXCLUSIONS, EITHER PARTY’S MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR 
ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING DIRECTLY FROM THIS AGREEMENT, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED, IN THE 
AGGREGATE, THE TOTAL AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID TO FIREBLOCKS IN THE TWELVE (12) 
MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM. 
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS CUMULATIVE TO THE TERM OF THE AGREEMENT (AS 
EXTENDED OR OTHERWISE) AND NOT PER INCIDENT; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THE 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 14 DO NOT APPLY TO PAYMENTS DUE TO FIREBLOCKS 
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 
THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 14 SHALL APPLY EVEN IF CLIENT’S 
REMEDIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FAIL THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
15.    
 Force Majeure 
Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any performance delay or failure to perform hereunder, due to 
Force Majeure Event, provided the affected Party gives prompt notice to the other and makes reasonable 
efforts to resume performance as soon as possible. The Party not affected by such act, omission or condition 
may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if the other Party remains unable to perform because of 
any circumstances described in this Section 15 for a period of more than sixty (60) days. It is hereby clarified 
that neither an occurrence of a Force Majeure Event or the termination of this Agreement in connection 
therewith shall relieve either Party from its obligations to pay the other any outstanding payments due under 
this Agreement. 
16.    
 Export Controls and Trade Sanctions Compliance 
Client agrees that Client use of the Service will comply with the Export Control Laws. Client represents 
and warrant that (i) Client is not a citizen of, or located within, a country or territory that is subject to 
comprehensive U.S. trade sanctions or other significant trade restrictions (including without limitation 
Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria); (ii) Client is not identified on any U.S. government restricted 
party lists (including without limitation the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, 
Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, and Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, administered by OFAC, and 
the Denied Party List, Entity List and Unverified List, administered by BIS); and (iii) that no content created 
or submitted by Client is subject to any restriction on disclosure, transfer, download, export or re-export 
under the Export Control Laws. Client agrees that Client will not use the Service to disclose, transfer, 
download, export, or re-export, directly or indirectly, any content to any country, entity or other party which 
is ineligible to receive such items under the Export Control Laws or under other laws or regulations to 
which Client may be subject. Client acknowledges that the Services may not be available in all jurisdictions 
and that Client is solely responsible for (a) complying with the Export Control Laws; and (b) monitoring 
them for any modifications. Fireblocks may immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to 
Client if Fireblocks reasonably believes that Client is in violation of this Section 16. 
 
17. 
Beta Services. 
17.1 
Beta Services. From time to time, Fireblocks may make in-development or testing 
services or features (the “Beta Services”) available to Client at no charge. Client may choose to try 
such Beta Services or not at its sole discretion. The  Beta  Services  may  contain  bugs  or  errors.  
Any  participation  in  or  use  of  the  Beta  Services   is  at  Client’s  sole  risk.  Client  acknowledges  
that  Fireblocks  may  discontinue  the  Beta  Services  at  any  time  in  its  sole  discretion,  and  
may  never  make  the Beta Service generally  available. 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
17.2 
Disclaimer of Warranty. THE  BETA  SERVICES ARE  PROVIDED  “AS-IS,”  
EXCLUSIVE  OF  ANY  WARRANTY  WHATSOEVER  WHETHER  EXPRESS,  IMPLIED,  
STATUTORY  OR  OTHERWISE.  FIRBELOCKS  DISCLAIMS  ALL  IMPLIED  
WARRANTIES,  INCLUDING  WITHOUT  LIMITATION  ANY  IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  
OF  MERCHANTABILITY  AND  FITNESS  FOR  A  PARTICULAR  PURPOSE  OR  NON-
INFRINGEMENT,  TO  THE  MAXIMUM  EXTENT  PERMITTED  BY  APPLICABLE  LAW.  
FIREBLOCKS  DISCLAIMS  ALL  LIABILITY  FOR  ANY  HARM  OR  DAMAGES  CAUSED  
BY  ANY  THIRD-PARTY  HOSTING  PROVIDERS.   
18.    
 Miscellaneous 
18.1  
Governing Law & Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under 
the laws of England and Wales, without reference to principles and laws relating to the conflict of 
laws. The competent courts of London, England shall have the exclusive jurisdiction with respect 
to any dispute and action arising under or in relation to this Agreement. 
18.2  
Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any 
applicable Order Form, Fireblocks may seek injunctive relief or other relief necessary to prevent 
or restrain a breach of this Agreement in any jurisdiction. 
18.3  
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Order Form, the SLA, the Optional 
Software Service terms, any Schedules, and the Documentation represents the complete agreement 
concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements 
between the Parties with respect to the subject of this Agreement. The Agreement may be amended 
only by a written agreement executed by both Parties. 
18.4  
Severance. If any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable, then such provision shall be deemed modified or excluded to the extent necessary 
so that it is no longer invalid, in violation of law or unenforceable and all remaining provisions 
shall continue in full force and effect. 
18.5  
Order of Precedence. In the event of a conflict between any terms set forth in the documents 
listed in Section 17.3 of this Agreement, the controlling term shall be the term set forth in the Order 
Form, except for Section 9.1 (Term) above of this Agreement, then the Optional Software Service 
terms, then this Agreement, then any Schedules, and finally the SLA. 
18.6  
Relationship of the Parties. This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to create 
any relationship, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or agency relationship between the 
Parties, or authorize either Party to act as an agent for the other, and neither Party shall have 
authority to act in the name or on behalf of or otherwise to bind the other in any way (including, 
but not limited to, the making of any representation or warranty the assumption of any obligation 
or liability and the exercise of any right of power). 
18.7  
Waiver. Any failure or delay by a Party to require compliance by the other Party with any 
of the terms, or exercise any right or remedy, provisions, warranties, covenants or conditions of 
this Agreement will in no way affect such Party's right to enforce the same, nor will any waiver by 
a Party of any breach of any term, provision, warranty, covenant or condition of this Agreement 
constitute a waiver of any succeeding breach. 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
18.8  
Rights and Remedies. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the rights and 
remedies provided under this Agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies provided by law. 
18.9  
Assignment. Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the other Party, whose consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be assigned by either 
Party  in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of all of the equity interests of the assigning 
Party, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the assigning Party to which this Agreement 
relates; provided that Fireblocks may terminate this Agreement immediately if it determines it 
cannot do business with the purported assignee due to its internal policies or due to any obligations 
under applicable law. 
18.10   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which shall constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts shall together constitute the one 
agreement. No counterpart shall be effective until each Party has provided to the other at least one 
executed counterpart.  
  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
  
Fireblocks, Ltd. 
LUMX STUDIOS S.A. 
By: {{S_es_:signer2:signature}} 
By: {{S_es_:signer1:signature}} 
Name: {{N_es_:signer2:fullname}} 
Name: {{N_es_:signer1:fullname}} 
Title: {{*title2_es_:signer2}} 
Title: {{*title1_es_:signer1}} 
Date: {{D_es_:signer2:date}} 
Date: {{D_es_:signer1:date}} 
 
  
 
 
Caio Barbosa (Nov 28, 2023 16:39 GMT-3)
Caio Barbosa
Caio Barbosa
Nov 28, 2023
Co-CEO
Michel Goldberg (Nov 28, 2023 16:42 GMT-3)
Michel Goldberg
Michel Goldberg
CFO
Nov 28, 2023
Dominic Wong (Nov 28, 2023 12:09 PST)
Dominic Wong
Dominic Wong
VP, Revenue Operations
Nov 28, 2023
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
Schedule A 
Definitions 
Definitions. 
1.1  
“Account” refers to one or more Workspaces Client may access as part of its agreement to 
use the Service. 
1.2  
“Affiliate” shall mean any entity, individual, agent, employee, firm, or corporation, 
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling, controlled by, or under common 
control with Client. 
1.3  
“BIS” means the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security. 
1.4  
“Client Device” means any supported device controlled by Client or its Users. 
1.5  “Confidential Information” means all knowledge, information, or materials of whatever nature 
and in whatever form (whether provided in writing or orally) relating to the disclosing party and made 
available or provided by or on behalf of the disclosing party to the recipient whether before, on or after 
the Effective Date. It specifically includes the terms of this Agreement and information relating to: (i) 
any and all proprietary technology and products, including technical data, data record layouts, trade 
secrets, know-how, research, prototypes, improvements, processes, plans, calculations, designs, 
requirements, architecture, structures, models, methods, product plans, databases and database tables, 
ideas or concepts, opinions, reports, services, software, inventions, techniques, developments, 
algorithms, formulas, technology, designs, schematics, drawings, engineering and hardware 
configuration information; (ii) the operations and business or financial statements and projections, 
product pricing and marketing, financial or other strategic business plans or affairs, accounting matters, 
tax matters, subscriber numbers and forecasts, content providers identity and business models; (iii) all 
summaries, notes, memoranda, analyses, compilations, studies or other documents prepared by or on 
behalf of the recipient to the extent that they contain or are derived from Confidential Information; (iv) 
information collected or developed by a party regarding its customers; (v) any actual or perceived 
system vulnerability, whether identified by Fireblocks or Client; and (vi) all other information which 
would reasonably be considered to be proprietary or confidential in nature. 
1.6  
“Documentation” shall mean the SLA and the Security Reports. 
1.7  
“Excluded Claim” means any and all third party claims, actions, suits, liabilities, costs, 
and expenses alleging that the Service infringes Intellectual Property rights of a third party and that 
such infringement is resulting from or based on: i) modifications to the Service made by Client or its’ 
representatives or designees, or at their direction; (ii) Client's failure to implement software updates 
provided by Fireblocks specifically to avoid infringement; or (iii) combination or use of the Service 
with equipment, devices or software not supported or provided by Fireblocks or not in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement. 
1.8   “Export Control Laws” mean applicable export control and trade sanctions laws, rules, and 
regulations, including without limitation the regulations administered by BIS and OFAC. 
1.9   “Fee” means any fees set forth in an applicable Order Form. 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
1.10  
“Feedback” is any input or suggestions (including, but not limited to, questions, 
comments, feature improvement requests, or the like) regarding the Services made by Client to 
Fireblocks. 
1.11  “Force Majeure Event” means any act, omission or condition beyond the reasonable control of 
the affected party including, but not limited to the following events: acts of God, flood, draught, 
earthquake or other natural disaster, epidemic or pandemic, terrorist attack, civil war, armed conflict, 
nuclear, chemical or biological contamination, any law or any action taken by a government or public 
authority, including without limitation imposing an export or import restriction, quota or prohibition, 
interruption or failure of utility services. 
1.12  
  “Fork(ed)” refers to a change in protocol rules affecting a digital asset. 
1.13   “Intellectual Property” means patents (including patent for software and business 
methodology), rights to apply for patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, 
copyrights and all applications and registration of such worldwide, schematics, industrial models, 
inventions, know-how, trade secrets, computer software programs, and other intangible proprietary 
information. 
1.14  
 “IP Infringement Claim” means any and all third-party claims, actions, suits, liabilities, 
costs, and expenses alleging that the Service, when used as permitted under this Agreement, infringes 
Intellectual Property rights of a third party. 
1.15  
 “OFAC” means the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
1.16  
“Optional Software Service” includes any additional services Client elects to use in 
conjunction with the Workspace and in accordance with this Agreement. 
1.17 
“Order Form” means a document executed by the Parties setting forth the Term of this 
Agreement, the Fees, and any additional terms. 
1.18 
“Owner” means the administrative user appointed by Client for each Workspace that has 
ultimate authority over the administration of such Workspace. 
1.19 
“Security Reports” means each of the SOC 2 Type 2, ISO 27001, ISO 27017, and ISO 
27018 attestation(s) of certification. 
1.20  
“Supported Tokens” are those protocols/tokens/transactions as may be displayed in the 
Web Console from time-to-time. 
1.21 
“Users” refer to the Owner and any individual users authorized by Client to use or 
otherwise have access to the Service. 
1.23 
“Web Console” is the user interface and the information contained therein made available 
as part of the Service. 
  
  
  
 
  
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schedule B 
Optional Services 
  
This Schedule B describes the additional terms and conditions that apply to Client’s use of any of the 
Optional Services described herein. 
   
I. 
Gas Station Service 
1. These additional terms only apply to the extent that Client wishes to authorize Fireblocks 
to administer various blockchain assets (“Asset”) owned by Client and transferred by 
Client to a designed wallet solely for the purpose of enabling Fireblocks to calculate and 
apply units of computational power (“Gas”) in connection with the processing of Client-
initiated operations on the supported EVM blockchains (the “Gas Station Service”). 
2. The Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet.  Asset to be used in connection with the Gas Station 
Service shall be transferred to and held in a designated Workspace owned and managed by 
Fireblocks (the “Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet”) for the sole purpose of facilitating 
Client-initiated operations on the supported blockchain.   Once Client has notified 
Fireblocks of its wish to use the Gas Station Service, Fireblocks will generate a unique 
wallet address to track Client-owned Asset designated for use in connection with the Gas 
Station Service. 
3. Appointment of Administrator.  Client hereby appoints Fireblocks as the exclusive 
administrator of Asset owned by Client and transferred to the Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet 
for use in connection with the Gas Station Service, and Fireblocks accepts such 
appointment.  In its capacity as administrator of Client-owned Asset transferred to the 
Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet, Fireblocks shall: (i) monitor the wallet address assigned to 
Client; (ii) track incoming transfer amounts, debits and withdrawals; and, (iii) administer 
assets held in the Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet solely in accordance with the instructions 
of Client and Client’s Authorized Persons, this Agreement and the additional terms of this 
Schedule B. 
4. Authorization to Debit.  Client authorizes and requests Fireblocks to debit its Asset 
holdings in the Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet solely to provide Gas in support of Client-
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
initiated operations on the supported blockchain.  To the extent that Client uses automated 
features of the Gas Station Service, if any, Client acknowledges that it is authorizing 
Fireblocks to make recurring debits from its Asset holdings in the Fireblocks Gas Station 
Wallet in accordance with Client’s instructions.  The authorization granted in herein shall 
also extend to the deduction of fees owed to Fireblocks pursuant to its provision of the Gas 
Station Service.  Fireblocks’ authorization to debit Gas and fees in connection with the Gas 
Station Service shall remain in full force and effect until the sooner of the termination of 
(i) Client’s use of this Optional Software Service; or (ii) this Agreement. 
5. Gas Pricing.  Client is solely responsible for setting price parameters (whether as a custom 
value “ceiling” specified by Client or by delegation to any automated or manual price-
setting service provided by Fireblocks) that Client believes is appropriate to executing 
Client’s desired supported blockchain operations (such price, the “Gas Price”).  Client 
acknowledges that all block-based transactions are probabilistic and subject to failure and 
operations can be unsuccessful in being added to the supported blockchain for several 
reasons, including network congestion and insufficient funds in the Fireblocks Gas Station 
Wallet.  Client acknowledges that Fireblocks’ sole responsibility with respect to Gas Price 
is to apply the Gas Price parameters set by Client, whether as a custom value “ceiling” or 
by delegation to any automated or manual service provided by Fireblocks. 
6. CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT FIREBLOCKS DOES NOT GIVE 
ANY RECOMMENDATIONS REGARDING THE GAS PRICE NEEDED TO 
ACHIEVE A PARTICULAR TRANSACTION SPEED NOR DOES IT MAKE ANY 
GUARANTEES REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF ANY PARTICULAR GAS 
PRICE IN COMPLETING ANY PARTICULAR TRANSACTION OR SET OF 
TRANSACTIONS AND THAT CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND ACCEPTS THAT 
IT IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE GAS PRICE NEEDED TO 
ACHIEVE ANY PARTICULAR OUTCOME.  CLIENT UNDERTAKES TO USE THE 
GAS STATION SERVICE AT ITS OWN RISK, AND CLIENT ASSUMES FULL 
RESPONSIBILITY 
FOR 
THE 
CONSEQUENCES 
OF 
ANY 
AND 
ALL 
UNSUCCESSFUL TRANSACTIONS AND ANY AMOUNTS THAT ARE DEBITED 
IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH TRANSACTIONS. 
7. Limits.  Client shall be permitted to hold a total of no more than the designated amount of 
Asset(s) in the Gas Station Wallet at any given time. 
8. Insufficient Amounts.  If there are insufficient amounts of Client-owned Assets in the 
Fireblocks Gas Station Wallet for any attempted transaction(s), the transaction will fail.  
Client is solely responsible for ensuring there are sufficient Assets in the Fireblocks Gas 
Station Wallet to support its desired blockchain operations at any particular time.  
9. Withdrawal.  Client can withdraw amounts held on its behalf in the Fireblocks Gas Station 
Wallet by contacting Fireblocks support. 
10. Termination of Enrollment.  Fireblocks may suspend or terminate access to this service 
at any time if Client is in breach or default of any material provision of these Gas Station 
Service additional terms, and, if curable, fails to cure the breach or default within thirty 
(30) days after being given written notice specifying details of the breach or default and 
requiring the same to be remedied. 
 
 
Rev. 2023-07-31 
 
Please sign - Ironclad MSA (LUMX STUDIOS
S.A. and Fireblocks)
Final Audit Report
2023-11-28
Created:
2023-11-28
By:
Adobe Admin (adobeadmin@fireblocks.com)
Status:
Signed
Transaction ID:
CBJCHBCAABAAnrKQ6YvWE7dfl5LXqiYXd2EMkV6B_0-Q
"Please sign - Ironclad MSA (LUMX STUDIOS S.A. and Firebloc
ks)" History
Document created by Adobe Admin (adobeadmin@fireblocks.com)
2023-11-28 - 7:36:49 PM GMT
Document emailed to michel@lumx.io for signature
2023-11-28 - 7:36:55 PM GMT
Document emailed to dwong@fireblocks.com for signature
2023-11-28 - 7:36:56 PM GMT
Document emailed to caio@lumx.io for signature
2023-11-28 - 7:36:56 PM GMT
Email viewed by caio@lumx.io
2023-11-28 - 7:38:48 PM GMT
Signer caio@lumx.io entered name at signing as Caio Barbosa
2023-11-28 - 7:39:13 PM GMT
Document e-signed by Caio Barbosa (caio@lumx.io)
Signature Date: 2023-11-28 - 7:39:15 PM GMT - Time Source: server
Email viewed by michel@lumx.io
2023-11-28 - 7:41:04 PM GMT
Signer michel@lumx.io entered name at signing as Michel Goldberg
2023-11-28 - 7:42:08 PM GMT
Document e-signed by Michel Goldberg (michel@lumx.io)
Signature Date: 2023-11-28 - 7:42:10 PM GMT - Time Source: server
Signer dwong@fireblocks.com entered name at signing as Dominic Wong
2023-11-28 - 8:09:14 PM GMT
Document e-signed by Dominic Wong (dwong@fireblocks.com)
E-signature hosted by Adobe Admin (adobeadmin@fireblocks.com)
Signature Date: 2023-11-28 - 8:09:16 PM GMT - Time Source: server
Agreement completed.
2023-11-28 - 8:09:16 PM GMT
