DocuSign Envelope ID: 78F9B826-024B-4B8B-9E03-A0B704D6E7BC 
Página 1 de 4 
 
 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
By the present private instrument and in the best form of law: 
LUMX STUDIOS S.A., a limited liability company, registered with the CNPJ/MF under n. 33.829.853/0001-90, 
headquartered at Voluntários da Pátria Street, n. 89, room 804, Ed. Empresarial Estação Botafogo, in the city and 
State of Rio de Janeiro, Zip Code 22270-000, represented in the form of its articles of association (“Lumx 
Studios”); and 
Polygon Labs Services (Switzerland) AG, a limited liability company, registered with the n. CHE-275.116.509, 
headquartered at Baarerstrasse 98, 6300 Zug, Switzerland, represented in the form of its articles of association 
(“Company”). 
All, when together, referred to as "Parties" and, when individually, "Party". 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: 
a) The Parties are in the process of negotiating to form a commercial partnership (“Negotiations”); 
 
b) Each Party (“Disclosing Party”) may disclose Confidential Information as part of Negotiations with the other 
Party (“Receiving Party”), including, but not exclusively, for the purpose of preparing a commercial proposal 
(“Proposal”); 
c) The Disclosing Party will provide the Receiving Party with confidential and strategic information necessary for the 
Negotiations and preparation of the Proposal; and 
d) Due to the confidentiality of the information, the Parties wish to regulate the treatment of this information 
with absolute confidentiality by the Receiving Party. 
The Parties, by mutual agreement and observing contractual good faith, resolve to enter into this Confidentiality 
Agreement ("Term"), assuming the unequivocal commitment to comply with the clauses set out below: 
1. Purpose and Transaction. The Disclosing Party is considering, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of this Term, to disclose to the Receiving Party the Confidential Information for the following purpose 
(“Purpose”) namely to enable the Receiving Party to examine the documentation and evaluates the interest in 
making further investments (“Transaction”). 
2. Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall mean any information (whether oral, written, 
electronic or in any other form) relating to the Transaction, and/or the Disclosing Party and/or its businesses or 
investments made available by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party whether before or after this Term is actually 
entered into, for the Purpose and/or the Transaction, together with any information derived from such 
documentation made available (including any analyses, compilations, studies and other material prepared by the 
Disclosing Party in any form whatsoever that contain or otherwise reflect or are generated from such 
DocuSign Envelope ID: C9F2E5CB-179F-41EF-8925-9AD314E585E2
DocuSign Envelope ID: 78F9B826-024B-4B8B-9E03-A0B704D6E7BC 
Página 2 de 4 
 
 
information), including without limitation (and for the avoidance of doubt, media or regulatory authorities) the 
fact that the Transaction is in contemplation or any information concerning the terms, status or progress of the 
Transaction, including, without limitation the existence of this Term. 
3.  It is not considered Confidential Information the information that: 
 
a) is already known to the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives as of the date of disclosure under this 
Term; 
b) is already in possession of the public or becomes available to the public other than through the act or omission 
of the Receiving Party; or 
c) is acquired independently from a third party that represents that it has the right to disseminate such 
information at the time it is acquired by the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives without any obligation 
of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party or their respective affiliates. 
d)  
4. Representatives. The Receiving Party shall be entitled to disclose the Confidential Information to the 
following persons (“Representatives”) who have a clear need to know in order to accomplish the Purpose 
and provided that the Receiving Party guarantees the adherence of such persons to the terms and 
conditions of this Term: 
a) employees, officers, directors, of the Receiving Party; and 
 
b) agents, advisors, affiliates, key employees, and potential financing sources. 
5. Obligations of Confidentiality and Non-use. In consideration of the disclosure of the Confidential 
Information, the Receiving Party agrees that the Confidential Information shall be kept strictly 
confidential and shall be used exclusively for the Purpose. The Receiving Party agrees that the 
Confidential Information shall not be used or exploit for the Receiving Party's own benefit or for any 
other purpose or allow any other person to do so without the Disclosing Party's prior consent, except as set 
out hereinafter. The Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information to the extent that such 
information is required to be disclosed under any applicable law, court order or direction, or 
governmental or regulatory authority regulation, rule or requirement provided that the Receiving Party 
shall (if lawful) give notice to the Disclosing Party prior to such disclosure and the Disclosing Party may 
seek an appropriate remedy, at the Disclosing Party's expense, to prevent such disclosure and the 
Receiving party will take such steps as the Disclosing Party may require for that purpose and will keep 
the Disclosing Party promptly and fully informed of all developments relating to any such potential 
disclosure. The Receiving Party shall only disclose the minimum of the Confidential Information as legally 
required. 
6. Copies. The Receiving Party shall, and shall procure that its Representatives shall, only make such copies 
of any Confidential Information as are reasonably necessary for the Purpose and shall take reasonable 
steps to ensure that any such copies and the originals are protected against theft or unauthorized access. 
7. Property. The Confidential Information shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party, and the 
Disclosing Party may demand the return and/or destruction and/or erasure of it upon giving written prior 
DocuSign Envelope ID: C9F2E5CB-179F-41EF-8925-9AD314E585E2
DocuSign Envelope ID: 78F9B826-024B-4B8B-9E03-A0B704D6E7BC 
Página 3 de 4 
 
 
notice to the Receiving Party. The return and/or destruction and/or erasure of Confidential Information 
shall be confirmed by a registered director of the Receiving Party to the Disclosing Party in writing. 
 8. Intentionally Omitted.  
9. No Representations and Warranties. The Confidential Information does not purport to be exhaustive, 
and the Disclosing Party makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the quality, 
accuracy, reliability or completeness of the Confidential Information, and the Receiving Party expressly 
acknowledges the inherent risk of error in the use of the Confidential Information. None of the Disclosing 
Party or any of its officers, directors, employees, professional advisers, consultants, and/or agents shall 
have any duty of care, responsibility, or liability whatsoever (save in respect of any fraud or deceit by it) 
to the Receiving Party or any other person with respect to the use or reliance by the Receiving Party or 
any other person upon the Confidential Information. 
. 10. Intentionally Omitted.  
11.No Waiver. The omission or tolerance of the interested Party in demanding strict compliance with the 
conditions of this Term will not constitute novation or waiver of the rights set forth herein, which may 
be fully and completely exercised at any time. 
12.Amendments. No amendments, changes or modifications to this Term shall be valid except if the same 
are in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of each of the parties to it. 
13.Severability. If any provision or part of a provision of this Term is found by a court or authority of 
competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, that provision or part of a provision shall be deemed to 
be deleted from this Term and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
14.Term. The provisions of this Term shall apply until the expiry of a period of five (5) years from the date 
that the Receiving Party ceases to participate in the process in respect of the Transaction, 
notwithstanding any decision not to proceed with the Transaction or any return or destruction or erasure of 
the Confidential Information.  
DocuSign Envelope ID: C9F2E5CB-179F-41EF-8925-9AD314E585E2
DocuSign Envelope ID: 78F9B826-024B-4B8B-9E03-A0B704D6E7BC 
Página 4 de 4 
 
 
15.Governing law and Jurisdiction. This Term shall be governed by and construed with the laws of 
England & Wales.  without reference to conflicts of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between the parties 
that arises in whole or part from this Agreement (including any question regarding its existence, validity, or 
termination) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the London Court of International 
Arbitration Rules (”Rules”), which Rules are incorporated by reference in this clause. The number of 
arbitrators shall be 1. The seat, or legal place of arbitration , shall be London, England. The language to be 
used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English.  
And, for being certain and adjusted, the Parties sign this present in two (2) counterparts of equal content and 
form for a single effect in the presence of one (1) witness, who also sign it. 
 
 
Rio de Janeiro 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LUMX STUDIOS SA. 
 
 
 
 
 
Polygon Labs Services  
By: Antoni Martin  
Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
WITNESSES: 
 
 
1. - 
 
 
                     Michel Ruthenberg Goldberg 
 
 
  
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: C9F2E5CB-179F-41EF-8925-9AD314E585E2
9/22/2023
9/21/2023
