Página 1 de 4 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
By the present private instrument and in the best form of law: 
LUMX STUDIOS SA., a limited liability company, registered with the CNPJ/MF under n. 33.829.853/0001-90, 
headquartered at Voluntários da Pátria Street, n. 89, room 804, Ed. Empresarial Estação Botafogo, in the city and 
State of Rio de Janeiro, Zip Code 22270-000, represented in the form of its articles of association (“Lumx 
Studios”); and 
Lindquest Limited, a limited liability company, registered with the company number 1620415, headquartered at 
Unit 1102 11/F 9 Ching Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, represented in the form of its articles of 
association (“Company”). 
All, when together, referred to as "Parties" and, when individually, "Party". 
PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:  
a) The Parties are in the process of negotiating to form a commercial partnership (“Negotiations”);  
b) Each Party (“Disclosing Party”) may disclose Confidential Information as part of Negotiations with the other 
Party (“Receiving Party”), including, but not exclusively, for the purpose of preparing a commercial proposal 
(“Proposal”);  
c) The Disclosing Party will provide the Receiving Party with confidential and strategic information necessary for 
the Negotiations and preparation of the Proposal; and  
d) Due to the confidentiality of the information, the Parties wish to regulate the treatment of this information 
with absolute confidentiality by the Receiving Party. 
 
The Parties, by mutual agreement and observing contractual good faith, resolve to enter into this Confidentiality 
Agreement ("Term"), assuming the unequivocal commitment to comply with the clauses set out below: 
1. Purpose and Transaction. The Disclosing Party is considering, in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of this Term, to disclose to the Receiving Party the 
Confidential Information for the following purpose (“Purpose”) namely to enable 
the Receiving Party to examine the documentation and evaluates the interest in 
making further investments (“Transaction”). 
2. Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall mean any information (whether oral, written, 
electronic or in any other form) relating to the Transaction, and/or the Disclosing Party and/or its businesses or 
investments made available by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party whether before or after this Term is actually 
entered into, for the Purpose and/or the Transaction, together with any information derived from such 
documentation made available (including any analyses, compilations, studies and other material prepared by the 
Disclosing Party in any form whatsoever that contain or otherwise reflect or are generated from such 
DocuSign Envelope ID: E1E4D0EC-6BA6-4A73-B78B-9123EEA02AEF
Página 2 de 4 
information), including without limitation (and for the avoidance of doubt, media or regulatory authorities) the 
fact that the Transaction is in contemplation or any information concerning the terms, status or progress of the 
Transaction, including, without limitation the existence of this Term. 
3. It is not considered Confidential Information the information that: 
a) is already known to the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives as of the date of disclosure under this 
Term; 
b) is already in possession of the public or becomes available to the public other than through the act or omission 
of the Receiving Party; or 
c) is acquired independently from a third party that represents that it has the right to disseminate such 
information at the time it is acquired by the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives without any obligation 
of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party or their respective affiliates. 
4. Representatives. The Receiving Party shall be entitled to disclose the Confidential Information to the 
following persons (“Representatives”) who have a clear need to know in order to accomplish the Purpose 
and provided that the Receiving Party guarantees the adherence of such persons to the terms and 
conditions of this Term: 
a) employees, officers, directors, of the Receiving Party; and 
b) agents, advisors, affiliates, key employees, and potential financing sources. 
5. Obligations of Confidentiality and Non-use. In consideration of the disclosure of the Confidential 
Information, the Receiving Party agrees that the Confidential Information shall be kept strictly 
confidential and shall be used exclusively for the Purpose. The Receiving Party agrees that the 
Confidential Information shall not be used or exploit for the Receiving Party's own benefit or for any 
other purpose or allow any other person to do so without the Disclosing Party's prior consent, except as 
set out hereinafter. The Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information to the extent that such 
information is required to be disclosed under any applicable law, court order or direction, or 
governmental or regulatory authority regulation, rule or requirement provided that the Receiving Party 
shall (if lawful) give notice to the Disclosing Party prior to such disclosure and the Disclosing Party may 
seek an appropriate remedy, at the Disclosing Party's expense, to prevent such disclosure and the 
Receiving party will take such steps as the Disclosing Party may require for that purpose and will keep 
the Disclosing Party promptly and fully informed of all developments relating to any such potential 
disclosure. The Receiving Party shall only disclose the minimum of the Confidential Information as legally 
required. 
6. Copies. The Receiving Party shall, and shall procure that its Representatives shall, only make such copies 
of any Confidential Information as are reasonably necessary for the Purpose and shall take reasonable 
steps to ensure that any such copies and the originals are protected against theft or unauthorized access. 
7. Property. The Confidential Information shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party, and the 
Disclosing Party may demand the return and/or destruction and/or erasure of it upon giving written prior 
DocuSign Envelope ID: E1E4D0EC-6BA6-4A73-B78B-9123EEA02AEF
Página 3 de 4 
notice to the Receiving Party. The return and/or destruction and/or erasure of Confidential Information 
shall be confirmed by a registered director of the Receiving Party to the Disclosing Party in writing. 
8. Non-Solicitation. Save with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall not, 
and shall ensure that its Representatives do not, during the period of two (2) years following the date 
that the Receiving Party ceases to participate in the process in respect of the Transaction, solicit or entice 
or take any step intended to attract any of the officers or employees of the Disclosing Party to leave the 
employment of the Disclosing Party. 
9. No Representations and Warranties. The Confidential Information does not purport to be exhaustive, 
and the Disclosing Party makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the quality, 
accuracy, reliability or completeness of the Confidential Information, and the Receiving Party expressly 
acknowledges the inherent risk of error in the use of the Confidential Information. None of the Disclosing 
Party or any of its officers, directors, employees, professional advisers, consultants, and/or agents shall 
have any duty of care, responsibility, or liability whatsoever (save in respect of any fraud or deceit by it) 
to the Receiving Party or any other person with respect to the use or reliance by the Receiving Party or 
any other person upon the Confidential Information. 
10. Damages and Indemnities. The Receiving Party will indemnify the Disclosing Party, its affiliates, and its 
Representatives in respect of any claim, action, damage, loss, liability, cost, charge, expense, outgoing or 
payment (including legal fees) which the Disclosing Party, any of its affiliates or a Representative suffers, 
pays, incurs or is liable for as result of: 
a) any breach of this document by the Receiving Party; 
b) any failure by the Receiving Party to ensure compliance by any Representative with the terms of this document 
(as if they were bound by this document); or 
c) any act or omission by a Representative, which if done or omitted to be done, by the Receiving Party would 
constitute breach of this document. 
11. No Waiver.  The omission or tolerance of the interested Party in demanding strict compliance with the 
conditions of this Term will not constitute novation or waiver of the rights set forth herein, which may 
be fully and completely exercised at any time. 
12. Amendments. No amendments, changes or modifications to this Term shall be valid except if the same 
are in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of each of the parties to it. 
13. Severability. If any provision or part of a provision of this Term is found by a court or authority of 
competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, that provision or part of a provision shall be deemed 
to be deleted from this Term and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
14. Term. The provisions of this Term shall apply until the expiry of a period of five (5) years from the date 
that the Receiving Party ceases to participate in the process in respect of the Transaction, 
notwithstanding any decision not to proceed with the Transaction or any return or destruction or erasure 
of the Confidential Information. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: E1E4D0EC-6BA6-4A73-B78B-9123EEA02AEF
Página 4 de 4 
 
15. Governing law and Jurisdiction. This Term shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Brazilian law. The Parties elect the courts sitting in Rio de Janeiro - RJ, Brazil, as the exclusive jurisdiction 
and venue over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Term. 
And, for being certain and adjusted, the Parties sign this present in two (2) counterparts of equal content and 
form for a single effect in the presence of two (2) witnesses, who also sign it. 
 
Rio de Janeiro, September 9 of 2023.  
 
__________________________________________ 
LUMX STUDIOS SA. 
 
__________________________________________ 
Lindquest Limited 
 
 
WITNESSES: 
 
1.   - 
_______________________ 
Name: Caio Diniz Bretas 
CPF/ME: 150.712.927-00 
 
2.   -     _______________________ 
Name: Michel Ruthenberg Goldberg 
CPF/ME: 160.306.787-60 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: E1E4D0EC-6BA6-4A73-B78B-9123EEA02AEF
Certificado de Conclusão
Identificação de envelope: E1E4D0EC6BA64A73B78B9123EEA02AEF
Status: Concluído
Assunto: Complete com a DocuSign: NDA - Lindquest.docx
Envelope fonte: 
Documentar páginas: 4
Assinaturas: 4
Remetente do envelope: 
Certificar páginas: 5
Rubrica: 0
Caio Diniz Bretas
Assinatura guiada: Ativado
Selo com EnvelopeId (ID do envelope): Ativado
Fuso horário: (UTC-08:00) Hora do Pacífico (EUA e Canadá)
RUA VOLUNTARIOS DA PATRIA, 89
RIO DE JANEIRO, RJ  22.270-000
admin@lumxstudios.com
Endereço IP: 200.142.108.50 
Rastreamento de registros
Status: Original
             04/09/2023 14:33:01
Portador: Caio Diniz Bretas
             admin@lumxstudios.com
Local: DocuSign
Eventos do signatário
Assinatura
Registro de hora e data
Caio Barbosa Zacarias
caio@lumxstudios.com
CEO
Nível de segurança: E-mail, Autenticação da conta 
(Nenhuma)
Adoção de assinatura: Estilo pré-selecionado
Usando endereço IP: 200.142.108.50
Enviado: 04/09/2023 14:34:04
Visualizado: 04/09/2023 14:40:21 
Assinado: 04/09/2023 14:40:44
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico: 
      Aceito: 04/09/2023 14:40:21
      ID: e3e7494a-221a-4601-a2ee-9b9e18a99720
Caio Diniz Bretas
admin@lumxstudios.com
Nível de segurança: E-mail, Autenticação da conta 
(Nenhuma)
Adoção de assinatura: Estilo pré-selecionado
Usando endereço IP: 200.142.108.50
Enviado: 04/09/2023 14:34:03
Visualizado: 04/09/2023 14:34:17 
Assinado: 04/09/2023 14:34:21
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico: 
      Aceito: 26/09/2023 11:38:08
      ID: 193fd53e-ebb9-4299-92f3-3dd390962373
Lindquest
j@lindquest.com
Nível de segurança: E-mail, Autenticação da conta 
(Nenhuma)
Adoção de assinatura: Estilo pré-selecionado
Usando endereço IP: 59.148.88.23
Enviado: 04/09/2023 14:34:05
Reenviado: 05/09/2023 05:38:50
Reenviado: 12/09/2023 11:54:20
Reenviado: 19/09/2023 11:59:38
Visualizado: 21/09/2023 22:23:49 
Assinado: 21/09/2023 22:31:33
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico: 
      Aceito: 21/09/2023 22:23:49
      ID: afc2478a-13b0-4307-9e55-6a24a146023d
Michel Ruthenberg Goldberg
michel@lumxstudios.com
CFO
Nível de segurança: E-mail, Autenticação da conta 
(Nenhuma)
Adoção de assinatura: Estilo pré-selecionado
Usando endereço IP: 200.142.108.50
Assinado com o uso do celular
Enviado: 04/09/2023 14:34:05
Visualizado: 04/09/2023 14:35:38 
Assinado: 04/09/2023 14:36:02
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico: 
      Aceito: 04/09/2023 14:35:38
      ID: b2953652-ce56-4621-8215-2bdc205daee1
Eventos do signatário presencial
Assinatura
Registro de hora e data
Eventos de entrega do editor
Status
Registro de hora e data
Evento de entrega do agente
Status
Registro de hora e data
Eventos de entrega intermediários
Status
Registro de hora e data
Eventos de entrega certificados
Status
Registro de hora e data
Eventos de cópia
Status
Registro de hora e data
Eventos com testemunhas
Assinatura
Registro de hora e data
Eventos do tabelião
Assinatura
Registro de hora e data
Eventos de resumo do envelope
Status
Carimbo de data/hora
Envelope enviado
Com hash/criptografado
04/09/2023 14:34:05
Entrega certificada
Segurança verificada
04/09/2023 14:35:38
Assinatura concluída
Segurança verificada
04/09/2023 14:36:02
Concluído
Segurança verificada
21/09/2023 22:31:33
Eventos de pagamento
Status
Carimbo de data/hora
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico
ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, LUMX STUDIOS S.A. (we, us or Company) may be required by law to 
provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and 
conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign 
system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this 
information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature 
Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to 
use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign 
system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico criado em: 14/06/2023 11:56:57
Partes concordam em: Caio Barbosa Zacarias, Caio Diniz Bretas, Lindquest, Michel Ruthenberg Goldberg
Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact LUMX STUDIOS S.A.:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: admin@lumxstudios.com 
 
To advise LUMX STUDIOS S.A. of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at admin@lumxstudios.com and in 
the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from LUMX STUDIOS S.A.  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to admin@lumxstudios.com and in the 
body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with LUMX STUDIOS S.A.  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to admin@lumxstudios.com and in the body of such request you must state 
your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other 
information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing consent for 
online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify LUMX STUDIOS S.A. as described above, you consent to 
receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, 
acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you by LUMX STUDIOS S.A. during the course of your relationship with 
LUMX STUDIOS S.A.. 
